三年（2017-2019）高考真题英语分项汇编
专题14  阅读理解人物故事类
一、2019年高考真题
1. 【2019·全国卷I，B】
For Canaan Elementary’s second grade in Patchogue, N.Y.，today is speech day ,and right now it’s Chris Palaez’s turn. The 8-year-old is the joker of the class. With shining dark eyes, he seems like the of kid who would enjoy public speaking.
But he’s, nervous.“I’m here to tell you today why you should … should…”Chris trips on the“-ld,”a. pronunciation difficulty for many non-native English speakers. His teacher ,Thomas Whaley ,is next to him, whispering support.“…Vote for …me …”Except for some stumbles, Chris is doing amazingly well. When he brings his speech to a nice conclusion ,Whaley invites the rest of the class to praise him.
A son of immigrants, Chris stared learning English a little over three years ago. Whaley recalls(回想起)how at the beginning of the year，when called upon to read，Chris would excuse himself to go to the bathroom.
Learning English as a second language can be a painful experience. What you need is a great teacher who lets you make mistakes. “It takes a lot for any student，” Whaley explains，“especially for a student who is learning English as their new language，to feel confident enough to say，‘I don’t know，but I want to know.’”
Whaley got the idea of this second-grade presidential campaign project when he asked the children one day to raise their hands if they thought they could never be a president. The answer broke his heart. Whaley says the project is about more than just learning to read and speak in public. He wants these kids to learn to boast(夸耀)about themselves.
“Boasting about yourself，and your best qualities,” Whaley says，“is very difficult for a child who came into the classroom not feeling confident.”
24. What made Chris nervous？
A. Telling a story.	B. Making a speech.
C. Taking a test.	D. Answering a question.
25. What does the underlined word “stumbles” in paragraph 2 refer to?
A. Improper pauses.		B. Bad manners.	
C. Spelling mistakes.		D. Silly jokes.
26. We can infer that the purpose of Whaley’s project is to _________.
A. help students see their own strengths
B. assess students’ public speaking skills
C. prepare students for their future jobs
D. inspire students’ love for politics
27. Which of the following best describes Whaley as a teacher?
A. Humorous.		B. Ambitious.	
C. Caring.		D. Demanding.
【语篇解读】本文属于记叙文，讲述Thomas Whaley为了帮助学生学英语以及树立信心专门开展了一个演讲课程。
24.B  【解析】细节理解题。根据第一段today is speech day和本段最后一句with shining dark eyes, he seems like the kind of kids who would enjoy public speaking. 以及第二段第一句But he’s nervous.可知，Chris眼睛黑亮，似乎是那种喜欢公共演讲的孩子，但是他却很紧张，故可知Chris是因为做演讲紧张，故选B。
25.A  【解析】词义猜测题。根据第二段 “I’m here to tell you today why you should…should…” Chris trips on the “-ld”, a pronunciation difficulty for many non-native English speakers. 以及后文except for some stumbles, Chris is doing amazingly well 可知, Chris 发ld比较困难，这对于英语不是母语的学习者来说都是一个困难，总体来说Chris做得出奇的好。根据前文可知，ld发音不准，因此有些结巴，停顿得不准，故选A。
26.A 【解析】推理判断题。根据倒数第二段Whaley says the project is about more than just learning to read and speak in public. He wants these kids to learn to boast about themselves.以及最后一段 “boasting about yourself, and your best qualities,” Whaley says, “is very difficult for a child who came into the classroom not feeling confident.”可知，这个课程不仅仅教孩子阅读以及公共演讲，还要让孩子学会夸耀自己，而夸耀自己对于那些进入教室没有信心的学生来说很困难，故可知，Whaley老师这么做是为了帮助学生认识自己的优势增加信心，故选A。
27.C 【解析】推理判断题。根据倒数第二段Whaley got the idea of this second-grade presidential campaign  project when he asked the children one day to raise their hands if they thought they could never be a president.和最后一段He wants these kids to learn to boast about themselves可知，当他有一天问学生认为自己当不了总统请举手的时候，想到了一个想法，这个课程就是帮助学生树立自己的信心，故可以看出这位老师很关心学生的成长。humorous 幽默的， ambitious 有雄心壮志的；caring 关心的；demanding要求高的。故选C。
2. 【2019·全国卷II，B】
“You can use me as a last resort(选择), and if nobody else volunteers，then I will do it.” This was an actual reply from a parent after I put out a request for volunteers for my kids lacrosse(长曲棍球)club.
I guess that there's probably some demanding work schedule, or social anxiety around stepping up to help for an unknown sport. She may just need a little persuading. So I try again and tug at the heartstrings. I mention the single parent with four kids running the show and I talk about the dad coaching a team that his kids aren’t even on … At this point the unwilling parent speaks up,“Alright. Yes, I’ll do it.”
I’m secretly relieved because I know there’s real power in sharing volunteer responsibilities among many. The unwilling parent organizes the meal schedule, sends out emails, and collects money for end-of-season gifts. Somewhere along the way, the same parent ends up becoming an invaluable member of the team. The coach is able to focus on the kids while the other parents are relieved to be off the hook for another season. Handing out sliced oranges to bloodthirsty kids can be as exciting as watching your own kid score a goal.
Still, most of us volunteers breathe a sigh of relief when the season comes to a close. That relief is coupled with a deep understanding of why the same people keep coming back for more: Connecting to the community(社区)as you freely give your time, money, skills, or services provides a real joy. Volunteering just feels so good.
In that sense, I’m pretty sure volunteering is more of a selfish act than I’d freely like to admit. However, if others benefit in the process, and I get some reward too, does it really matter where my motivation lies?
24. What can we infer about the parent from her reply in paragraph l？
A. She knows little about the club.
B. She isn't good at sports.
C. She just doesn't want to volunteer.
D. She's unable to meet her schedule.
25. What does the underlined phrase “tug at the heartstrings” in paragraph 2 mean ?
A. Encourage team work.
B. Appeal to feeling.
C. Promote good deeds.
D. Provide advice.
26. What can we learn about the parent from paragraph 3?
A. She gets interested in lacrosse.
B. She is proud of her kids.
C. She’ll work for another season.
D. She becomes a good helper.
27. Why does the author like doing volunteer work?
A. It gives her a sense of duty.
B. It makes her very happy.
C. It enables her to work hard.
D. It brings her material rewards.
【语篇解读】本文是一篇记叙文。文中讲述了作者成功说服了一个家长参加志愿者团队，作为一名志愿者作者发挥了自己的作用，并获得了快乐。
24.C 【解析】推理判断题。根据文章第一段中的 You can use me as a last resort（选择）, and if  nobody else volunteers，then I will do it.可知，你可以当我是最后的候选人，如果没有其他的志愿者，那么我就做。由此可推断出，她不想做自愿者。故选C。
25.B 【解析】词义猜测题。根据划线前句she may just need a little persuading.和下面的一句话I mention the single parent with four kids running the show and I talk about the dad coaching a team that his kids aren't even on ...可知，作者为了劝服这位家长，举了两个例子。故可知，划线句此处应是“煽情”之意。故选B。
26.D  【解析】细节理解题。根据第三段中这位家长作出的贡献及the same parent ends up becoming an invaluable member of the team可知，她最终成为了志愿者队伍中的重要的一员，也即是说，她成了一个好帮手。故选D。
27.B  【解析】细节理解题。题干问作者为什么喜欢做志愿者工作。根据第四最两句Connecting to the community（社区）as you freely give your time, money, skills, or services provides a real joy. Volunteering just feels so good.可知，为社区做贡献可以带来真正的快乐， 参加志愿者活动活动能让人感觉快乐。故选B。
4. 【2019·北京卷，B】
Alice Moore is a teenager entrepreneur(创业者), who in May 2015 set up her business AilieCandy. By the time she was 13，her company was worth millions of dollars with the invention of a super-sweet treat that could save kids' teeth，instead of destroying them.

It all began when Moore visited a bank with her dad. On the outing, she was offered a candy bar. However, her dad reminded her that sugary treats were bad for her teeth. But Moore was sick of missing out on candies. So she desired to get round the warning, "Why can't I make a healthy candy that's good for my teeth so that my parents can't say no to it?" With that in mind, Moore asked her dad if she could start her own candy company. He recommended that she do some research and talk to dentists about what a healthier candy would contain.
With her dad's permission, she spent the next two years researching online and conducting trials to get a recipe that was both tasty and tooth-friendly. She also approached dentists to learn more about teeth cleaning. Consequently, she succeeded in making a kind of candy only using natural sweeteners, which can reduce oral bacteria.
Moore then used her savings to get her business of the ground. Afterwards, she and her father secured their first business meeting with a supermarket owner, who finally agreed to sell  Moore's product-Cancandy.
As CanCandy's success grows, so does Moore's credibility as a young entrepreneur. Moore is enthusiastic about the candy she created, and she's also positive about what the future might bring. She hopes that every kid can have a clean mouth and a broad smile.
Meanwhile, with her parents' help, Moore is generally able to live a normal teenage life. Although she founded her company early on in life, she wasn't driven primarily by profit. Moore wants to use her unique talent to help others find their smiles. She donates 10% of AilicCandy's profits to Big Smiles. With her talent and determination, it appears that the sky could be the limit for Alice Moore.
34. How did Moore react to her dad's warning?
A. She argued with him.	B. She tried to find a way out.
C. She paid no attention.	D. She chose to consult dentists.
35. What is special about CanCandy?
A. It is beneficial to dental health.	B. It is free of sweeteners.
C. It is sweeter than other candies.	D. It is produced to a dentists' recipe.
36. What does Moore expect from her business?
A. To earn more money.	B. To help others find smiles.
C. To make herself stand out.	D. To beat other candy companies.
37. What can we learn from Alice Moore's story?
A. Fame is a great thirst of the young.
B. A youth is to be regarded with respect.
C. Positive thinking and action result in success.
D. Success means getting personal desires satisfied
【文章大意】这是一篇记叙文。主要讲述了Alice Moore，一个年轻有为的创业者的故事，故事告诉我们：积极的思考和行动会带来成功。
34.B 【解析】推理判断题。根据第二段的But Moore was sick of missing out on candies. So she desired to get round the warning, "Why can’t I make a healthy candy that's good for my teeth so that my parents can't say no to it? "及下文她想方设法最终制作出了叫CanCandy的糖果可知，她对父亲的警告的反应是：她试图找到一条出路。故选B。
35.A   【解析】细节理解题。根据第三段的Consequently, she succeeded in making a kind of candy only using natural sweeteners, which can reduce oral bacteria.可知，因此，这种糖只使用天然甜味剂，可以减少口腔细菌，因此它对牙齿有利。故选A。
36.B  【解析】细节理解题。根据最后一段的Moore wants to use her unique talent to help others find their smiles.可知，Moor想用她独特的才能帮助别人找到他们的笑容。故选B。
37.C  【解析】推理判断题。文章主要讲述了Moor的创业故事，她之所以能成功源于面对问题和困难时，她乐观的看待问题，积极的想方设法去解决问题。因此，通过她的故事让我们懂得积极的思考和行动会带来成功。故选C。
5. 【2019·天津卷，B】
I must have always known reading was very important because the first memories I have as a child deal with books. There was not one night that I don't remember mom reading me a storybook by my bedside. I was extremely inspired by the elegant way the words sounded.
I always wanted to know what my mom was reading. Hearing mom say," I can't believe what's printed in the newspaper this morning," made me want to grab it out of her hands and read it myself. I wanted to be like my mom and know all of the things she knew. So I carried around a book, and each night, just to be like her, I would pretend to be reading.
This is how everyone learned to read. We would start off with sentences, then paragraphs, and then stories. It seemed an unending journey, but even as a six-year-old girl I realized that knowing how to read could open many doors. When mom said," The C-A-N-D-Y is hidden on the top shelf," I knew where the candy was. My progress in reading raised my curiosity, and I wanted to know everything. I often found myself telling my mom to drive more slowly, so that I could read all of the road signs we passed.
Most of my reading through primary, middle and high school was factual reading. I read for knowledge, and to make A's on my tests. Occasionally, I would read a novel that was assigned, but I didn't enjoy this type of reading. I liked facts, things that are concrete. I thought anything abstract left too much room for argument.
Yet, now that I'm growing and the world I once knew as being so simple is becoming more complex, I find myself needing a way to escape. By opening a novel, I can leave behind my burdens and enter into a wonderful and mysterious world where I am now a new character. In these worlds I can become anyone. I don't have to write down what happened or what technique the author was using when he or she wrote this. I just read to relax.
We're taught to read because it's necessary for much of human understanding. Reading is a vital part of my life. Reading satisfies my desire to keep learning. And I've found that the possibilities that lie within books are limitless.
41. Why did the author want to grab the newspaper out of mom's hands？
A. She wanted mom to read the news to her.
B. She was anxious to know what had happened.
C. She couldn't wait to tear the newspaper apart.
D. She couldn't help but stop mom from reading.
42. According to Paragraph 3，the author's reading of road signs indicates___________
A. her unique way to locate herself
B. her eagerness to develop her reading ability
C. her effort to remind mom to obey traffic rules
D. her growing desire to know the world around her.
43. What was the author's view on factual reading？
A. It would help her update test-taking skills.
B. It would allow much room for free thinking.
C. It would provide true and objective information.
D. It would help shape a realistic and serious attitude to life.
44. The author takes novel reading as a way to___________.
A. explore a fantasy land
B. develop a passion for leaning
C. learn about the adult community
D. get away from a confusing world
45. What could be the best title for the passage？
A. The Magic of Reading						B. The Pleasure of Reading
C. Growing Up with Reading					D. Reading Makes a Full Man
【语篇解读】本文为夹叙夹议文，作者讲述了自己的读书经历和感悟。
41.B 【解析】细节理解题。根据第二段主题句I always wanted to know what my mom was reading.和Hearing mom say … made me want to grab it out of her hands and read it myself可知，作者一直想知道妈妈在读什么。作者抢过妈妈读的报纸，因为作者自己迫切想看一看报纸上写的内容，故选B。
42. D【解析】推理判断题。根据第三段My progress in reading raised my curiosity, and I wanted to know everything，可以推断出，让妈妈开车开慢一点，他能够读出所有路标，正是作者在阅读方面的进步引起了他的好奇心，想要了解周围的一切，故选D。
43.C  【解析】推理判断题。根据第四段第一句Most of my reading through primary, middle and high school was factual reading. I read for knowledge, and to make A’s on my test.可知，小学和中学阶段的阅读都是事实性阅读，读书是为了获取知识，考试得A。因此事实性阅读能够提供真实的客观的信息，故选 C。
44. D 【解析】细节理解题。根据第五段By opening a novel, I can leave behind my burdens and enter into a wonderful and mysterious world where I am now a new character. In these worlds I can become anyone.( 打开一本小说，我可以摆脱我的负担，进入一个奇妙而神秘的世界，我现在是一个新的角色。在这个世界上，我可以成为任何人。) 可知，阅读小说可以让作者避开复杂的现实而投入到小说中的世界中去，故选D。
45.C  【解析】主旨大意题。根据上下文可知，作者以时间顺序回忆了自己的阅读经历和感悟，伴着阅读成长，故选项C符合题意。
6. 【2019·江苏卷，D】
The 65-year-old Steve Goodwin was found suffering from early Alzheimer’s(阿尔楚海默症). He was losing his memory.
A software engineer by profession, Steve was a keen lover of the piano, and the only musician in his family. Music was his true passion, though he had never performed outside the family.
Melissa, his daughter, felt it more than worthwhile to save his music, to which she fell asleep catch night when she was young. She thought about hiring a professional pianist to work with her father.
Naomi, Melissa’s best friend and a talented pianist, got to know about this and showed willingness to help.
“Why do this?” Steve wondered.
“Because she cares.” Melissa said.
Steve nodded, tears in eye.
Naomi drove to the Goodwin home. She told Steve she’d love to hear him play. Steve moved to the piano and sat at the bench, hands trembling as he gently placed his fingers on the keys.
Naomi put a small recorder near the piano, Starts and stops and mistakes. Long pauses, heart sinking. But Steve pressed on, playing for the first time in his life for a stranger.
“It was beautiful." Naomi said after listening to the recording. “The music was worth saving.”
Her responsibility, her privilege, would be to rescue it. The music was still in Steve Goodwin. It was bidden in rooms with doors about to be locked.
Naomi and Steve met every other week and spent hours together. He’d move his fingers clumsily on the piano, and then she’d take his place. He struggled to explain what he heard in his head. He stood by the piano, eyes closed, listening for the first time to his own work being played by someone else.
Steve and Naomi spoke in musical code lines, beats, intervals, moving from the root to end a song in a new key. Steve heard it. All of it. He just couldn’t play it.
Working with Naomi did wonders for Steve. It had excited within him the belief he could write one last song. One day, Naomi received an email. Attached was a recording, a recording of loss and love, of the fight. Steve called it “Melancholy Flower”.
Naomi heard multiple stops and starts, Steve struggling, searching while his wife Joni called him “honey” and encouraged him. The task was so hard, and Steve, angry and upset, said he was quitting. Joni praised him, telling her husband this could be his signature piece.
Naomi managed to figure out 16 of Steve’s favorite, and most personal songs. With Naomi’s help, the Goodwin family found a sound engineer to record Naomi playing Steve’s songs. Joni thought that would be the end. But it wasn’t.
In the months leading up to the 2016 Oregon Repertory Singers Christmas concert, Naomi told the director she had a special one in mind: “Melancholy Flower”
She told the director about her project with Steve. The director agreed to add it to the playing list. But Naomi would have to ask Steve’s permission. He considered it an honor.
After the concert, Naomi told the family that Steve’s music was beautiful and professional. It needed to be shared in public.
The family rented a former church in downtown Portland and scheduled a concert. By the day of the show, more than 300 people had said they would attend.
By then, Steve was having a hard time remembering the names of some of his friends. He knew the path his life was now taking. He told his family he was at peace.
Steve arrived and sat in the front row, surrounded by his family. The house lights faded. Naomi took the stage. Her fingers. His heart.
65. Why did Melissa want to save her father’s music?
A. His music could stop his disease from worsening.
B. She wanted to please her dying old father.
C. His music deserved to be preserved in the family.
D. She wanted to make her father a professional.
66. After hearing Steve’s playing, Naomi ________.
A. refused to make a comment on it
B. was deeply impressed by his music
C. decided to free Steve from suffering
D. regretted offering help to her friend
67. How can the process of Steve’s recording be described?
A. It was slow but productive.
B. It was beneficial to his health.
C. It was tiresome for Naomi.
D. It was vital for Naomi’s career.
68. Before Steve finished “Melancholy Flower," his wife Joni _______.
A. thought the music talent of Steve was exhausted
B. didn’t expect the damage the disease brought about
C. didn’t fully realize the value of her husband’s music
D. brought her husband’s music career to perfection
69. How did Steve feel at the concert held in downtown Portland？
A. He felt concerned about his illness.
B. He sensed a responsibility for music.
C. He regained his faith in music.
D. He got into a state of quiet.
70. What can be a suitable title for the passage?
A. The Kindness of Friends					B. The Power of Music
C. The Making of a Musician					D. The Value of Determination
【语篇解读】本文属于记叙文，主要讲述一个钢琴师帮助一个患老年痴呆症的老人录制音乐的故事，其录制过程比较艰苦，但是录制的音乐很成功，也让老人对音乐充满了信心。
65.C 【解析】细节理解题。根据第二段可知，Steve的专业软件工程，还是一个钢琴的热爱者，是家里唯一的音乐家，音乐是他真正热爱的东西，尽管没有在家以外的地方弹奏过钢琴。根据第三段Melissa, his daughter ,felt it more than worthwhile to save his music.可知他的女儿Melissa觉得保存他的音乐很有价值，故选C。
66.B 【解析】推理判断题。根据第十段 “it was beautiful,” Naomi said after listening to the recording. “ the music was worth saving.”可知，听了录音之后Naomi说很美，值得保存，故可以得出Naomi对Steve的音乐印象深刻，故选B。
67.A 【解析】推理判断题。根据第十二段He’d move his fingers clumsily on the piano, and then she’d take his place. He struggled to explain what he heard in his head.以及第十三段Steve and Naomi spoke in musical code: lines, beats, intervals, moving from the root to end a song in a new key. Steve heard it. All of it, he just couldn’t play it.可知，Steve会笨拙地把手指放在钢琴上，然后Naomi把手指放在他放的地方，并且Steve努力解释脑海里的内容，所有的这些，都是Naomi在弹奏，而Steve在听，故可知这个录制过程很慢。根据第十六段Naomi managed to figure out 16 of Steve’s favorite, and most personal songs.可知作品很多。故选A。
68.C 【解析】推理判断题。根据第十六段Joni thought that would be the end. But it wasn’t. 以及后文Steve取得的成就可知在完成Melancholy Flower之前，他的妻子还没完全意识到丈夫的音乐的真正价值，故选C。
69.D 【解析】推理判断题。根据倒数第二段He knew the path his life was now taking. He told his family he was at peace.可知，他知道自己一生要选择的路，告诉家人他很平静，故可知，家乡的音乐会让他重新坚定了对音乐的信念，故选D。
70.B 【解析】标题归纳题。本文主要讲述一个钢琴师帮助一个患老年痴呆症的人录制音乐的故事，其录制过程比较艰苦，但是录制的音乐很成功，也让老人对音乐充满了信心。B项“音乐的力量”概括了全文内容，是最佳标题。故选B。
7. 【2019·浙江卷，A】
Zachariah Fike has an unusual hobby. He finds old military(军队的)medals for sale in antique stores and on the Internet.But unlike most collectors, Zac tracks down the medals’ rightful owners, and returns them.
His effort to reunite families with lost medals began with a Christmas gift from his mother, a Purple Heart with the name Corrado A. G. Piccoli, found in an antique shop. Zac knows the meaning of a Purple Heart-he earned one himself in a war as a soldier. So when his mother gave him the medal, he knew right away what he had to do.
Through the Internet, Zac tracked down Corrado’s sister Adeline Rockko. But when he finally reached her, the woman flooded him with questions: "Who are you？What antique shop？" However, when she hung up, she regretted the way she had handled the call. So she called Zac back and apologized. Soon she drove to meet Zac in Watertown, N.Y. "At that point, I knew she meant business, " Zac says. "To drive eight hours to come to see me."
The Piccolis grew up the children of Italian immigrants in Watertown. Corrado, a translator for the Army during WWII, was killed in action in Europe.
Before hearing from Zac, Adeline hadn’t realized the medal was missing. Like many military medals, the one Zac’s mother had found was a family treasure." This medal was very precious to my parents. Only on special occasions(场合)would they take it out and let us hold it in our hands," Adeline says.
As a child, Adeline couldn't understand why the medal was so significant. “But as I grew older,” Adeline says, "and missed my brother more and more, I realized that was the only thing we had left." Corrado Piccoli’s Purple Heart medal now hangs at the Italian American Civic Association in Watertown.
Zac recently returned another lost medal to a family in Alabama. Since he first reunited Corrado’s medal, Zac says his record is now 5 for 5.
21. Where did Zac get a Purple Heart medal for himself？
A. In the army.
B. In an antique shop.
C. From his mother.
D. From Adeline Rockko.
22. What did Zac realize when Adeline drove to meet him？
A. She was very impolite.
B. She was serious about the medal.
C. She suspected his honesty.
D. She came from a wealthy family.
23. What made Adeline treasure the Purple Heart?
A. Her parents’ advice.
B. Her knowledge of antiques.
C. Her childhood dream.
D. Her memory of her brother.
【语篇解读】这是一篇记叙文。Zachariah Fike有一个不同寻常的业余爱好：他在网上和古董店里寻找旧的军队勋章，然后将这些勋章归还它们的合法主人。文章主要叙述了他这一爱好的起源。
21.A  【解析】细节理解题。根据第二段中的“Zac knows the meaning of a Purple Heart—he earned one himself in a war as a soldier”可知，当Zac还是一名士兵的时候，在一次战争中他获得了一枚Purple Heart。故A选项正确。
22.B  【解析】推理判断题。根据第三段中的“To drive eight hours to come to see me”可以推知，Adeline为了那枚Purple Heart开车八个小时来见Zac，由此可知，她对于这件事是认真地。因此，At that point, I knew she meant business应该指的是Zac意识到Adeline对这枚勋章是认真的。故B选项正确。
23.D  【解析】推理判断题。根据第四段中的“Corrado, a translator…was killed in action in Europe”和倒数第三段中的“as I grew older…and missed my brother more and more, I realized that was the only thing we had left ”这枚勋章寄托了Adeline对于去世的哥哥Corrado的回忆和思念，这是他们家留下的唯一关于哥哥的东西了。因此她很珍惜这枚勋章。故D选项正确。
8. 【2019·浙江卷，B】
Money with no strings attached. It’s not something you see every day. But at Union Station in Los Angeles last month, a board went up with dollar bills attached to it with pins and a sign that read, "Give What You Can, Take What You Need."
People quickly caught on. And while many took dollars, many others pinned their own cash to the board. “People of all ages, races, and socio-economic(社会经济的)backgrounds gave and took, ”said Tyler Bridges of The Toolbox, which created the project. "We even had a bride in her wedding dress come up to the board and take a few dollars." Most of the bills on the board were singles, but a few people left fives, tens and even twenties. The video clip(片段)shows one man who had found a $ 20 bill pinning it to the board.
“What I can say for the folks that gave the most, is that they were full of smiles,” Bridges said. “There’s a certain feeling that giving can do for you and that was apparent in those that gave the most." Most people who took dollars took only a few, but Bridges said a very small number took as much as they could.
While the clip might look like part of a new ad campaign, Bridges said the only goal was to show generosity and sympathy. He added that he hopes people in other cities might try similar projects and post their own videos on the Internet.
“After all, everyone has bad days and good days," he said. “Some days you need a helping hand and some days you can be the one giving the helping hand.”
24. What does the expression "money with no strings attached" in paragraph 1 mean?
A. Money spent without hesitation.
B. Money not legally made.
C. Money offered without conditions.
D. Money not tied together.
25. What did Bridges want to show by mentioning the bride?
A. Women tended to be more sociable.
B. The activity attracted various people.
C. Economic problems were getting worse.
D. Young couples needed financial assistance.
26. Why did Bridges carry out the project?
A. To do a test on people’s morals.
B. To raise money for his company.
C. To earn himself a good reputation.
D. To promote kindness and sympathy.
【语篇解读】上个月在洛杉矶的联合车站,一块牌子上别针别满了美元，上面写着“给予你所能给与的，拿走你所需要的”。这样的活动吸引了各种各样的人，组织者希望通过这样的活动来提倡仁慈和同情。
24.C  【解析】词义猜测题。由第一段“But at Union Station in Los Angeles last month, a board went up with dollar bills attached to it with pins and a sign that read, "Give What You Can, Take What You Need.”可知，但是上个月在洛杉矶的联合车站，一块牌子上别针别满了美元，上面写着“给予你所能给与的，拿走你所需要的”。所以通过下文的语境，判断出第1段中的money with no strings attached是“无条件提供的钱”的意思。故B选项正确。
25.B  【解析】推理判断题。由第二段““People of all ages, races, and socio-economic（社会经济的）backgrounds gave and took, ”said Tyler Bridges of The Toolbox, which created the project. "We even had a bride in her wedding dress come up to the board and take a few dollars.”可知，发起该项活动的泰勒·布里奇斯说:“所有年龄、种族和社会经济背景的人都会付出和索取。”甚至有一位穿着婚纱的新娘来到了牌子前，拿走了一些钱。所以通过泰勒·布里奇斯所说的，可以判断出，他提到新娘就是想说明这项活动吸引了各种各样的人。故B选项正确。
26.D  【解析】细节理解题。由倒数第二段“While the clip might look like part of a new ad campaign, Bridges said the only goal was to show generosity and sympathy”可知，尽管这段视频看起来像是一项新的广告活动的一部分，但是布里奇斯说这次活动唯一的目标是表现出慷慨和同情。所以布里奇斯实施这个活动是为了提倡仁慈和同情。故D选项正确。
二、2018年高考真题
1. 【2018·全国卷III，C】
While famous foreign architects are invited to lead the designs of landmark buildings in China such as the new CCTV tower and the National Center for the Performing Arts, many excellent Chinese architects are making great efforts to take the center stage.
Their efforts have been proven fruitful. Wang Shu, a 49-year-old Chinese architect, won the 2012 Pritzker Architecture Prize — which is often referred to as the Nobel Prize in architecture — on February 28. He is the first Chinese citizen to win this award.
Wang serves as head of the Architecture Department at the China Academy of Art (CAA). His office is located at the Xiangshan campus(校园) of the university in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province. Many buildings on the campus are his original creations.
The style of the campus is quite different from that of most Chinese universities. Many visitors were amazed by the complex architectural space and abundant building types. The curves(曲线) of the buildings perfectly match the rise and fall of hills, forming a unique view.
Wang collected more than 7 million abandoned bricks of different ages. He asked the workers to use traditional techniques to make the bricks into walls, roofs and corridors. This creation attracted a lot of attention thanks to its mixture of modern and traditional Chinese elements(元素).
Wang’s works show a deep understanding of modern architecture and a good knowledge of traditions. Through such a balance, he had created a new type of Chinese architecture, said Tadao Ando, the winner of the 1995 Pritzker Prize.
Wang believes traditions should not be sealed in glass boxes at museums. "That is only evidence that traditions once existed," he said.
"Many Chinese people have a misunderstanding of traditions. They think tradition means old things from the past. In fact, tradition also refers to the things that have been developing and that are still being created, " he said.
"Today, many Chinese people are learning Western styles and theories rather than focusing on Chinese traditions. Many people tend to talk about traditions without knowing what they really are, " said Wang.
The study of traditions should be combined with practice. Otherwise, the recreation of traditions would be artificial and empty, he said.
28. Wang’s winning of the prize means that Chinese architects are ___________.
A. following the latest world trend
B. getting international recognition
C. working harder than ever before
D. relying on foreign architects
29. What impressed visitors to the CAA Xiangshan campus most?
A. Its hilly environment. 								B. Its large size.
C. Its unique style.									D. Its diverse functions.
30. What made Wang’s architectural design a success?
A. The mixture of different shapes.
B. The balance of East and West.
C. The use of popular techniques.
D. The harmony of old and new.
31. What should we do about Chinese traditions according to Wang?
A. Spread them to the world.							B. Preserve them at museums.
C. Teach them in universities.							D. Recreate them in practice.
【文章大意】文章主要讲述了中国建筑设计师王澍在其作品中融合中国传统建筑文化，获得了建筑界的诺贝尔奖——普利策奖，这让中国建筑现在得到了国际认可。
28.B  【解析】推理判断题。根据文章第二段的内容可知，王澍获得2012年普利策奖，而普利策奖相当于建筑界的诺贝尔奖，他是第一个获此奖的中国人，故推知中国建筑现在得到了国际认可。故B项正确。
29.C  【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第四段对CAA校园的描述可知，它的设计风格独特，与大多数中国大学的校园很不同，许多游客感对复杂的建筑空间和丰富的建筑类型感到吃惊，故C正确。
30.D  【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第六段1995年普利策奖的获得者Tadao Ando的评语可知，王澍设计的成功之处是把中国传统元素融入现代设计，并保持两者的和谐，故D正确。
31.D  【解析】推理判断题。根据文章最后一段和倒数第三段中In fact, tradition also refers to the things that have been developing and that are still being created可知，传统的研究要与实践相结合，在实践中进行再创造，否则就会是人工的和空的，故D正确。
2. 【2018·北京卷，A】
My First Marathon（马拉松）
A month before my first marathon, one of my ankles was injured and this meant not running for two weeks, leaving me only two weeks to train. Yet, I was determined to go ahead.
I remember back to my 7th year in school. In my first P.E. class, the teacher required us to run laps and then hit a softball. I didn’t do either well. He later informed me that I was ＂not athletic＂.
The idea that I was ＂not athletic＂ stuck with me for years. When I started running in my 30s, I realized running was a battle against myself, not about competition or whether or not I was athletic. It was all about the battle against my own body and mind. A test of wills!
The night before my marathon, I dreamt that I couldn’t even find the finish line. I woke up sweating and nervous, but ready to prove something to myself.
Shortly after crossing the start line, my shoe laces(鞋带) became untied. So I stopped to readjust. Not the start I wanted!
At mile 3, I passed a sign: ＂GO FOR IT, RUNNERS!＂
By mile 17, I became out of breath and the once injured ankle hurt badly. Despite the pain, I stayed the course walking a bit and then running again.
By mile 21, I was starving!
As I approached mile 23, I could see my wife waving a sign. She is my biggest fan. She never minded the alarm clock sounding at 4 a.m. or questioned my expenses on running.
I was one of the final runners to finish. But I finished! And I got a medal. In fact, I got the same medal as the one that the guy who came in first place had.
Determined to be myself, move forward, free of shame and worldly labels(世俗标签), I can now call myself a ＂marathon winner＂.
36. A month before the marathon, the author ____________.
A. was well trained									B. felt scared 
C. made up his mind to run								D. lost hope
37. Why did the author mention the P.E. class in his 7th year?
A. To acknowledge the support of his teacher.
B. To amuse the readers with a funny story.
C. To show he was not talented in sports.
D. To share a precious memory.
38. How was the author’s first marathon?
A. He made it.										B. He quit halfway.
C. He got the first prize.								D. He walked to the end.
39. What does the story mainly tell us?
A. A man owes his success to his family support.
B. A winner is one with a great effort of will.
C. Failure is the mother of success.
D. One is never too old to learn. 
【文章大意】本文为一篇记叙文。讲述了自己第一次跑马拉松，凭借自己的意志力成功跑完全程的励志故事。
36.C  【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第一段最后一句Yet, I was determined to go ahead. 可知，马拉松赛前一个月尽管作者脚踝受伤使得训练时间缩短，但作者仍下定决心参赛。故选C。
37.C  【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第二段I didn’t do either well. He later informed me that I was ＂not athletic＂可知，作者提到7年级的事情是为了证明自己真的没有运动天赋。故选C。
38.A  【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第10段I was one of the final runners to finish. But I finished! And I got a medal. In fact, I got the same medal as the one that the guy who came in first place had. 可知，作者坚持到了最后，而且得到了一块奖牌，虽然不是第一名，由此可见他成功地跑完了马拉松。故选A。
39.B  【解析】主旨大意题。通读全文可知，作者在讲述自己跑马拉松的经历，再根据最后一段Determined to be myself, move forward, free of shame and worldly labels(世俗标签), I can now call myself a ＂marathon winner＂. 可知，作者成功跑完马拉松源于自己的意志。故选B。
点睛：文章主题和中心思想的阐述往往需要大量细节信息的支持，这些细节对于理解全文内容至关重要，同时也是归纳和概括文章中心思想的基础。命题人往往会要求考生根据不同的要求阅读文章，以获得某些特定的信息，或准确地寻求所需的细节，并对细节进行直接或间接辨认和理解。文章细节的理解可以细化为：（1）一一对应型。（2）语言转述型。（3）语意理解型。（4）是非辨别型。（5）事实排序型。
此题中的前三题为细节理解题。细节理解题首先要根据题干准确定位信息句，其次要对信息句进行准确的理解和判断，如第一题为转述型，I was determined to go ahead即made up his mind to run。第二题为语义理解题。根据文章第二段的信息In my first P. E. class, the teacher required us to run laps and then hit a softball. I didn’t do either well. 可知，作者没有运动天赋。而第三题则为转述型，根据信息句I was one of the final runners to finish. But I finished! And I got a medal. In fact, I got the same medal as the one that the guy who came in first place had. 可知，作者跑完了马拉松，正好与made it 意义相同。
3. 【2018·天津卷，B】
When I was 17, I read a magazine article about a museum called the McNay, once the home of a watercolorist named Marian McNay. She had requested the community to turn it into a museum upon her death. On a sunny Saturday, Sally and I drove over to the museum. She asked, "Do you have the address? ""No, but I’ll recognize it, there was a picture in the magazine. "
"Oh, stop. There it is!” 
The museum was free. We entered, excited. A group of people sitting in the hall stopped talking and stared at us. 
"May I help you?" a man asked. "No, "I said. "We’re fine.” Tour guides got on my nerves. What if they talked a long time about a painting you weren’t that interested in? Sally had gone upstairs. The people in the hall seemed very nosy(爱窥探的), keeping their eyes on me with curiosity. What was their problem? I saw some nice sculptures in one room. Suddenly I sensed a man standing behind me. "Where do you think you are? " he asked. I turned sharply. "The McNay Art Museum!" He smiled, shaking his head. "Sorry, the McNay is on New Braunfels Street." "What’s this place?” I asked, still confused. "Well, it’s our home." My heart jolted(震颤). I raced to the staircase and called out, "Sally! Come down immediately! "
"There’s some really good stuff(艺术作品) up there." She stepped down, looking confused. I pushed her toward the front door, waving at the family, saying, "Sorry, please forgive us, you have a really nice place." Outside, when I told Sally what happened, she covered her mouth, laughing. She couldn’t believe how long they let us look around without saying anything.
The real McNay was splendid, but we felt nervous the whole time we were there. Van Gogh, Picasso. This time, we stayed together, in case anything else unusual happened. 
Thirty years later, a woman approached me in a public place. "Excuse me, did you ever enter a residence, long ago, thinking it was the McNay Museum? " 
"Yes. But how do you know? We never told anyone. "
"That was my home. I was a teenager sitting in the hall. Before you came over, I never realized what a beautiful place I lived in. I never felt lucky before. You thought it was a museum. My feelings about my home changed after that. I’ve always wanted to thank you."
41. What do we know about Marian McNay?
A. She was a painter.
B. She was a community leader.
C. She was a museum director.
D. She was a journalist.
42. Why did the author refuse the help from the man in the house?
A. She disliked people who were nosy.
B. She felt nervous when talking to strangers.
C. She knew more about art than the man.
D. She mistook him for a tour guide.
43. How did the author feel about being stared at by the people in the hall?
A. Puzzled.					B. Concerned.				C. Frightened.				D. Delighted.
44. Why did the author describe the real McNay museum in just a few words?
A. The real museum lacked enough artwork to interest her.
B. She was too upset to spend much time at the real museum.
C. The McNay was disappointing compared with the house.
D. The event happening in the house was more significant.
45. What could we learn from the last paragraph?
A. People should have good taste to enjoy life.
B. People should spend more time with their family.
C. People tend to be blind to the beauty around them.
D. People tend to educate teenagers at a museum.
【文章大意】本文是一篇记叙文。文章作者和朋友原想参观McNay博物馆，到了之后参观的时候，发现很多人奇怪的看着她，最后才发现自己误将一个私人住宅当成McNay博物馆。30年后，一位女士认出误撞入自己住宅的作者，指出正是因为作者的误撞入才让她意识到自己住的地方有多么美丽。
41.A 【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第一段When I was 17, I read a magazine article about a museum called the McNay, once the home of a watercolorist named Marian McNay.可知，Marian McNay是一名水彩画家。故选A。
42.D  【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第四段"May I help you?" a man asked. "No, "I said. "We're fine.” Tour guides got on my nerves.可知，导游令作者心烦，作者误认为屋子里的男人是位导游。故选D。
43.A  【解析】推理判断题。根据文章第四段The people in the hall seemed very nosy(爱窥探的), keeping their eyes on me with curiosity. What was their problem?（大厅的人看起来都非常爱窥探的，眼睛不停的好奇的看着我。他们有什么问题？）可以推断出，作者当时感到困惑不解。故选A。
44.D  【解析】推理判断题。根据全文可知，作者着墨点主要在叙述参观误当成McNay博物馆的私人住宅上，故这才是文章的重心，所以将真正的McNay博物馆叙述一带而过。故选D。
45.C  【解析】推理判断题。根据文章最后一段Before you came over, I never realized what a beautiful place I lived in.可知，在作者未造访她家之前，这位女士从未意识到自己住的地方多么美丽，从而可以推断出，人们往往对周围的美而不见。故选C。
【点睛】本文是叙事性的文章，文章有一定的趣味性，整体难度中等，考查主要以细节理解和推理判断两类题型。推理判断题属于主观性较强的高层次阅读理解题，做这类题目时，同学们要严格依据作者所陈述的细节、事实以及作者的措词、态度和语气，找出能够表露作者思想倾向和感情色彩的词句，然后利用自己已获得的相关知识进行推理判断，从而得出符合逻辑的结论。如小题3中考查作者被人盯着看的感受，我们需要找到文章中作者的措词nosy，curiosity和problem，可以推断出作者当时非常困惑不解的心理感受。
4. 【2018·浙江卷，A】
In 1812, the year Charles Dickens was born, there were 66 novels published in Britain. People had been writing novels for a century—most experts date the first novel to Robinson Crusoe in 1719—but nobody wanted to do it professionally. The steam-powered printing press was still in its early stages; the literacy（识字） rate in England was under 50%. Many works of fiction appeared without the names of the authors, often with something like “By a lady.”Novels, for the most part, were looked upon as silly, immoral or just plain bad.
	In 1870, when Dickens died, the world mourned him as its first professional writer and publisher, famous and beloved, who had led an explosion in both the publication of novels and their readership and whose characters — from Oliver Twist to Tiny Tim— were held up as moral touchstones. Today Dickens’ greatness is unchallenged. Removing him from the pantheon（名人堂） of English literature would make about as much sense as the Louvre selling off the Mona Lisa.
	How did Dickens get to the top? For all the feelings readers attach to stories, literature is a numbers game, and the test of time is extremely difficult to pass. Some 60,000 novels were published during the Victorian age, from 1837 to1901; today a casual reader might be able to name a half-dozen of them. It’s partly true that Dickens’ style of writing attracted audiences from all walks of life. It’s partly that his writings rode a wave of social, political and scientific progress. But it’s also that he rewrote the culture of literature and put himself at the center. No one will ever know what mix of talent, ambition, energy and luck made Dickens such a distinguished writer. But as the 200th anniversary of his birth approaches, it is possible — and important for our own culture—to understand how he made himself a lasting one.
21. Which of the following best describes British novels in the 18th century?
A. They were difficult to understand.
B. They were popular among the rich.
C. They were seen as nearly worthless.
D. They were written mostly by women.
22. Dickens is compared with the Mona Lisa in the text to stress________.
A. his reputation in France
B. his interest in modern art
C. his success in publication
D. his importance in literature
23. What is the author’s purpose in writing the text?
A. To remember a great writer.
B. To introduce an English novel.
C. To encourage studies on culture.
D. To promote values of the Victorian age.
【文章大意】本文是一篇人物传记，主要介绍了Charles Dickens在英国小说方面的重要贡献和深远影响。在他200年诞辰之际，让我们永远记住这位对文学艺术做出重大贡献的小说家。
21.C 【解析】细节理解题。根据第一段对当时情况的描写nobody wanted to do it professionally. The steam-powered printing press was still in its early stages; the literacy（识字）rate in England was under 50%. Many works of fiction appeared without the names of the authors... Novels, for the most part, were looked upon as silly, immoral, or just plain bad.印刷技术落后，人们识字率低，作品上没有作者名字，小说被认为是愚蠢的不正常的，毫无价值可言。故选C。
22.D  【解析】推理判断题。根据第二段Dickens’ greatness is unchallenged.和列举的Charles Dickens小说的影响可知，把他和Mona Lisa相比是为了说明Charles Dickens在英国小说方面的重要性和Mona Lisa在绘画方面的重要性是一样的，故选D。
23.A  【解析】写作意图题。根据文中对Charles Dickens及其作品在英国小说史上重要性的描写，和文章最后But as the 200th anniversary of his birth approaches, it is possible — and important for our own culture—to understand how he made himself a lasting one.可知本文是写于Charles Dickens诞辰200周年前夕，由此可知作者写本文是为了纪念这位伟大的作家。故选A。
三、2017年高考真题
1. 【2017·全国卷I，B】
I work with Volunteers for Wildlife, a rescue and education organization at Bailey Arboretum in Locust Valley. Trying to help injured, displaced or sick creatures can be heartbreaking; survival is never certain. However, when it works, it is simply beautiful.
	I got a rescue call from a woman in Muttontown. She had found a young owl(猫头鹰) on the ground. When I arrived, I saw a 2-to 3-week-old owl. It had already been placed in a carrier for safety.
	I examined the chick(雏鸟) and it seemed fine. If I could locate the nest, I might have been able to put it back, but no luck. My next work was to construct a nest and anchor it in a tree.
	The homeowner was very helpful. A wire basket was found. I put some pine branches into the basket to make this nest safe and comfortable. I placed the chick in the nest, and it quickly calmed down.
	Now all that was needed were the parents, but they were absent. I gave the homeowner a recording of the hunger screams of owl chicks. These advertise the presence of chicks to adults; they might also encourage our chick to start calling as well. I gave the owner as much information as possible and headed home to see what news the night might bring.
	A nervous night to be sure, but sometimes the spirits of nature smile on us all! The homeowner called to say that the parents had responded to the recordings. I drove over and saw the chick in the nest looking healthy and active. And it was accompanied in the nest by the greatest sight of all — LUNCH! The parents had done their duty and would probably continue to do so.
24. What is unavoidable in the author’s rescue work according to paragraph 1?
A. Efforts made in vain.
B. Getting injured in his work.
C. Feeling uncertain about his future.
D. Creatures forced out of their homes.
25. Why was the author called to Muttontown?
A. To rescue a woman.
B. To take care of a woman.
C. To look at a baby owl.
D. To cure a young owl.
26. What made the chick calm down?
A. A new nest.			B. Some food.				C. A recording.			D. Its parents.
27. How would the author feel about the outcome of the event?
A. It’s unexpected.								B. It’s beautiful.
C. It’s humorous.								D. It’s discouraging.
【文章大意】救助小动物并没有那么简单，因为你所做的救助行为到最后可能都成了无用功。但无论结果怎样，救助小动物的这种行为是美好的。本文主要介绍了作者救助一只小猫头鹰，给它做新的窝，帮助它回到父母身边的故事。
24. A  推理判断题。根据第一段中的Trying to help injured, displaced or sick creatures can be heartbreaking; survival is never certain.可知救助受伤的、流离失所的、生病的动物是令人心碎的，因为我们不知道救助的动物是否能活下去，也就是说我们为救助动物而花费的努力可能会白费，这是不可避免的。故选A。
25. C  推理判断题。根据第二段中的She had found a young owl(猫头鹰) on the ground. When I arrived, I saw a 2-to 3-week-old owl可知有人给作者打电话是因为有只小猫头鹰掉在地上了，作者赶过去看看情况。文中并没有说小猫头鹰受伤了，作者只是过去看情况，所以D选项错误。故选C。
26. A  细节理解题。根据第四段中的I placed the chick in the nest, and it quickly calmed down可知在作者把小猫头鹰放在窝里之后，它很快就安静下来，所以是窝让小猫头鹰安静下来的。故选A。
27. B  观点态度题。根据前文描述可知作者为小猫头鹰做了窝，并且帮助它找回了它的父母，小猫头鹰的父母还为它带回了午餐，作者的救助成功了，说明结局是美好的。再结合第一段的However, when it works, it is simply beautiful.可推测，作者感觉很美好。故选B。
2. 【2017·全国卷II，B】
	I first met Paul Newman in 1968, when George Roy Hill, the director of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, introduced us in New York City. When the studio didn’t want me for the film — it wanted somebody as well known as Paul — he stood up for me. I don’t know how many people would have done that; they would have listened to their agents or the studio powers.
	The friendship that grew out of the experience of making that film and The Sting four years later had its root in the fact that although there was an age difference, we both came from a tradition of theater and live TV. We were respectful of craft(技艺) and focused on digging into the characters we were going to play. Both of us had the qualities and virtues that are typical of American actors: humorous, aggressive, and making fun of each other — but always with an underlying affection. Those were also at the core(核心) of our relationship off the screen.
	We shared the belief that if you’re fortunate enough to have success, you should put something back — he with his Newman’s Own food and his Hole in the Wall camps for kids who are seriously ill, and me with Sundance and the institute and the festival. Paul and I didn’t see each other all that regularly, but sharing that brought us together. We supported each other financially and by showing up at events.
	I last saw him a few months ago. He’d been in and out of the hospital. He and I both knew what the deal was, and we didn’t talk about it. Ours was a relationship that didn’t need a lot of words.
24. Why was the studio unwilling to give the role to the author at first?
	A. Paul Newman wanted it.
	B. The studio powers didn’t like his agent.
	C. He wasn’t famous enough.
	D. The director recommended someone else.
25. Why did Paul and the author have a lasting friendship?
	A. They were of the same age.	
	B. They worked in the same theater.
	C. They were both good actors.	
	D. They had similar characteristics.
26. What does the underlined word "that" in paragraph 3 refer to?
	A. Their belief.	
	B. Their care for children.
	C. Their success.	
	D. Their support for each other.
27. What is the author’s purpose in writing the text?
	A. To show his love of films.	
	B. To remember a friend.
	C. To introduce a new movie.	
	D. To share his acting experience.
	【语篇解读】本文是一篇记叙文。作者讲述了与Paul的相识及与其建立友谊的原因，虽不常见面但是却因共同的信念而保持着友谊。
24.C 【解析】考查细节理解。根据第一段中的"When the studio didn’t want me for the film — it wanted somebody as well known as Paul — he stood up for me"可知，摄影棚起初不愿意给作者角色的原因是想找一个与Paul一样著名的人物。故可知作者当时不够有名。该题选C项。该题文中只是给出了一些琐碎的信息，需要考生根据这些信息总结出两人拥有持久友谊的原因，这就要求考生具有一定的归纳推理能力。文中明确提到了作者与Paul并不同龄，所以排除A项;B项文中并未提及；C项不是两人拥有持久友谊的原因。
25. D 【解析】考查推理判断。根据文章第二段中的"We were respectful of craft(技艺) and focused on digging into the characters we were going to play. Both of us had the qualities and virtues that are typical of American 	actors"可知，作者与Paul之所以拥有持久的友谊是因为他们有相似的性格特征。故D项符合题意。
26.A 【解析】考查代词指代。根据第三段中的"We shared the belief that if you’re fortunate enough to have success, you should put something back"可知，下文的内容是对the belief的解释,that引导同位语从句，解释说明the belief的具体内容。下文提到了我们并不经常见面，但是分享这个信念把我们带到了一起。故选A项。该题要求考生具有一定的句法分析能力，能从一个长难句中找出关键词，并根据上下文信息判断出代词的指代内容。而B、C项只是the belief后的同位语从句中的部分内容，故排除；根据画线词后一句可排除D项。
27.B 【解析】考查写作目的。根据全文内容，尤其是第一段中的"I first met Paul Newman in 1968"以及最后
一段中的"I last saw him a few months ago"可知，该篇文章的写作目的是回忆一位朋友，所以选B项。
	 写作目的题是考查作者写这篇文章是为了什么，达到什么目的。对于记叙文而言，往往是开篇引出主题，并以时间顺序叙述全文，最后进行总结。主旨大意题是考查文章讲什么，中心思想是什么。所以两者要有所区分。A、C和D项都过于片面,故排除。
【名师点睛】
  本文前三题均考查了细节题。在完成细节题时，要特别注意排除干扰项。
如24题中的A项“Paul Newman wanted it.”属于“颠倒黑白”类干扰项，根据“When the studio didn’t want me for the film— it wanted somebody as well known as Paul”可知制片人不想要我，说明A项明显错误。
干扰项的设置方法除了“颠倒黑白”之外，通常还有以下几种方式： 
1. 张冠李戴。命题者把文章作者的观点与他人的观点混淆起来，题干问的是作者的观点，选项中出现的却是他人的观点；或者题干问的是他人的观点，却把作者的观点放到选项中去。 
2. 偷梁换柱。干扰项用了与原文相似的句型结构和大部分相似的词汇，却在不易引人注意的地方换了几个词汇，造成句意的改变。 
3. 无中生有。干扰项往往是生活的基本常识和普遍接受的观点，但在原文中并无相关的信息支持点，这种选项的设置往往与问题的设问毫不相干。 
考点：考查记叙文阅读
3. 【2017·全国卷III，B】
Minutes after the last movie ended yesterday at the Plaza Theater, employees were busy sweeping up popcorns and gathering coke cups. It was a scene that had been repeated many times in the theater’s 75-year history. This time, however, the cleanup was a little different. As one group of workers carried out the rubbish, another group began removing seats and other theater equipment in preparation for the building’s end.
	The film classic The Last Picture Show was the last movie shown in the old theater. Though the movie is 30 years old, most of the 250 seats were filled with teary-eyed audience wanting to say good-bye to the old building. Theater owner Ed Bradford said he chose the movie because it seemed appropriate. The movie is set in a small town where the only movie theater is preparing to close down.
Bradford said that large modern theaters in the city made it impossible for the Plaza to compete. He added that the theater’s location(位置) was also a reason. ＂This used to be the center of town,＂ he said. ＂Now the area is mostly office buildings and warehouses.＂
Last week some city officials suggested the city might be interested in turning the old theater into a museum and public meeting place. However, these plans were abandoned because of financial problems. Bradford sold the building and land to a local development firm, which plans to build a shopping complex on the land where the theater is located.
The theater audience said good-bye as Bradford locked the doors for the last time. After 75 years the Plaza Theater had shown its last movie. The theater will be missed.
24. In what way was yesterday’s cleanup at the Plaza special?
   A. It made room for new equipment.
   B. It signaled the closedown of the theater.
   C. It was done with the help of the audience.
   D. It marked the 75th anniversary of the theater.
25. Why was The Last Picture Show put on?
   A. It was an all-time classic. 
B. It was about the history of the town.
   C. The audience requested it.
D. The theater owner found it suitable.
26. What will probably happen to the building?
   A. It will be repaired. 
B. It will be turned into a museum.
   C. It will be knocked down.
D. It will be sold to the city government. 
27. What can we infer about the audience?
A. They are disappointed with Bradford. 
B. They are sad to part with the old theater. 
C. They are supportive of the city officials.
D. They are eager to have a shopping center. 
【答案】
【文章大意】本文是一篇记叙文，讲述了一家具有75年历史的剧院因为不利的地理位置和现代剧院的竞争而被转售的故事。
24.B 【解析】细节理解题。根据首段的最后两句可知，这次散场后的清理工作与之前不同的是工人不仅清理走了垃圾，而且还搬走了座椅和剧院的其他设备，因为剧院已经被转卖出去了。
25.D 【解析】推理判断题。根据第二段最后两句可知，剧院老板选择这部电影是因为这部电影本身讲述的就是小镇上唯一的电影院准备关门停业的故事，与Plaza Theater的现状一样。
26.C 【解析】推理判断题。根据第四段末句中的＂which plans to build a shopping complex on the land where the theater is located＂可以推断出这个剧院将被拆除，取而代之的是一个购物中心。
27.B 【解析】推理判断题。根据第二段中的＂most of the 250 seats were filled with teary-eyed audience wanting to say good-bye to the old building＂可知，人们非常难过，不愿意看到老剧院被拆掉。
4. 【2017·北京卷，B】
It was a cold March day in High Point, North Carolina. The girls on the Wesleyan Academy softball team were waiting for their next turns at bat during practice, stamping their feet to stay warm. Eighth-grader Taylor Bisbee shivered(发抖) a little as she watched her teammate Paris White play. The two didn’t know each other well — Taylor had just moved to town a month or so before.
    Suddenly, Paris fell to the ground,＂Paris’s eyes rolled back,＂ Taylor says. ＂She started shaking. I knew it was an emergency.＂
    It certainly was, Paris had suffered a sudden heart failure. Without immediate medical care, Paris would die.  At first, no one moved. The girls were in shock. Then the softball coach shouted out, ＂Does anyone know CPR?＂
    CPR is a life-saving technique. To do CPR, you press on the sick person’s chest so that blood moves through the body and takes oxygen to organs. Without oxygen, the brain is damaged quickly.
Amazingly, Taylor had just taken a CPR course the day before. Still, she hesitated. She didn’t think she knew it well enough. But when no one else came forward, Taylor ran to Paris and began doing CPR. ＂It was scary. I knew it was the difference between life and death,＂ says Taylor.
Taylor’s swift action helped her teammates calm down. One girl called 911. Two more ran to get the school nurse, who brought a defibrillator, an electronic device(器械) that can shock the heart back into work. Luck stayed with them: Paris’s heartbeat returned.
＂I know I was really lucky,＂ Paris says now. ＂Most people don’t survive this. My team saved my life.＂
Experts say Paris is right: For a sudden heart failure, the single best chance for survival is having someone nearby step in and do CPR quickly.
Today, Paris is back on the softball team. Taylor will apply to college soon. She wants to be a nurse. ＂I feel more confident in my actions now,＂ Taylor says. ＂I know I can act under pressure in a scary situation.＂
56. What happened to Paris on a March day?
A. She caught a bad cold.
B. She had a sudden heart problem.
C. She was knocked down by a ball.
D. She shivered terribly during practice.
57. Why does Paris say she was lucky?
A. She made a worthy friend.
B. She recovered from shock.
C. She received immediate CPR.
D. She came back on the softball team.
58. Which of the following words can best describe Taylor?
A. Enthusiastic and kind.
B. Courageous and calm.
C. Cooperative and generous.
D. Ambitious and professional.
【文章大意】 讲述Taylor Bisbee通过及时的CPR挽救了一位学生的生命。
56.C 【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第三段It certainly was, Paris had suffered a sudden heart failure.可知Paris是突然的心力衰竭，肯定是心脏问题，故答案为B。
57.C 【解析】推理判断题。根据倒数第三段＂Most people don’t survive this. My team saved my life.＂可知大多数人都没有从这样的疾病中活过来，她的队友们给她进行及时的心脏复苏，以及一系列的救治，把她救了回来，因此她觉得自己很幸运，故选C。
58.B 【解析】推理判断题。Taylor根据自己所学的CPR知识及时挽救了 Paris的生命，虽然当时有所犹豫，但是很快地进行CPR抢救，说明她很勇敢，很镇静，不慌不忙，不像其他孩子那样陷入惊慌之中，故选B。
5. 【2017·天津卷，B】
Fifteen years ago, I took a summer vacation in Lecce in southern Italy. After climbing up a hill for a panoramic(全景的) view of the blue sea, white buildings and green olive trees, I paused to catch my breath and then positioned myself to take the best photo of this panorama.
	Unfortunately, just as I took out my camera, a woman approached from behind, and planted herself right in front of my view. Like me, this woman was here to stop, sigh and appreciate the view.
	Patient as I was, after about 15 minutes, my camera scanning the sun and reviewing the shot I would eventually take, I grew frustrated. Was it too much to ask her to move so I could take just one picture of the landscape? Sure, I could have asked her, but something prevented me from doing so. She seemed so content in her observation. I didn’t want to mess with that.
	Another 15 minutes passed and I grew bored. The woman was still there. I decided to take the photo anyway. And now when I look at it, I think her presence in the photo is what makes the image interesting. The landscape, beautiful on its own, somehow comes to life and breathes because this woman is engaging with it.
	This photo, with the unique beauty that unfolded before me and that woman who “ruined” it, now hangs on a wall in my bedroom. What would she think if she knew that her figure is captured(捕捉) and frozen on some stranger’s bedroom wall? A bedroom, after all, is a very private space, in which some woman I don’t even know has been immortalized(使……永存). In some ways, she lives in my house.
	Perhaps we all live in each others’ spaces. Perhaps this is what photos are for: to remind us that we all appreciate beauty, that we all share a common desire for pleasure, for connection, for something that is greater than us.
	That photo is a reminder, a captured moment, an unspoken conversation between two women, separated only by a thin square of glass.
41. What happened when the author was about to take a photo?
A. Her camera stopped working.
B. A woman blocked her view.
C. Someone asked her to leave.
D. A friend approached from behind.
42. According to the author, the woman was probably___________.
A. enjoying herself
B. losing her patience
C. waiting for the sunset
D. thinking about her past
43. In the author’s opinion, what makes the photo so alive?
A. The rich color of the landscape.
B. The perfect positioning of the camera.
C. The woman’s existence in the photo.
D. The soft sunlight that summer day.
44. The photo on the bedroom wall enables the author to better understand ____________.
A. the need to be close to nature
B. the importance of private space
C. the joy of the vacation in Italy
D. the shared passion for beauty
45. The passage can be seen as the author’s reflections upon _____________.
A. a particular life experience							B. the pleasure of traveling
C. the art of photography								D. a lost friendship
【语篇解读】这是一篇记叙文。本文讲述了作者一次旅行的特殊经历带给作者的深思和感悟。
41.B  【解析】考查推理判断。根据第二段第一句Unfortunately, just as I took out my camera, a woman approached from behind, and planted herself right in front of my view可知选B。
42.A 【解析】考查细节理解。根据第三段的句子She seemed so content in her observation.可知选A。
43.C  【解析】考查细节理解。根据第四段的句子And now when I look at it, I think her presence in the photo is what makes the image interesting. The landscape, beautiful on its own, somehow comes to life and breathes because this woman is engaging with it.可知选C。
44.D 【解析】考查推理判断。根据第五段的句子This photo, with the unique beauty that unfolded before me and that woman who “ruined” it, now hangs on a wall in my bedroom.可知选D。
45.A  【解析】考查推理判断。最后两段内容是作者对这次特殊经历的感悟，所以这篇文章可以看做是作者对一次特殊经历的深入思考。故选A。
【名师点睛】这是一篇故事类短文，题目设置以推理题为主，细节题为辅。细节题一般就是文章出现的内容即是答案，也有推理判断题，就是不是通过题干的某个单词定位到文中能直接看出来答案的，要通过故事中所陈述的内容来推理判断。
6.【2017·浙江卷，A】
Benjamin West, the father of American painting, showed his talent for art when he was only six years of age. But he did not know about brushes before a visitor told him he needed one. In those days, a brush was made from camel’s hair. There were no camels nearby. Benjamin decided that cat hair would work instead. He cut some fur from the family cat to make a brush.
The brush did not last long. Soon Benjamin needed more fur. Before long, the cat began to look ragged(蓬乱). His father said that the cat must be sick. Benjamin was forced to admit what he had been doing.
The cat’s lot was about to improve. That year, one of Benjamin’s cousins, Mr. Pennington, came to visit. He was impressed with Benjamin’s drawings. When he went home, he sent Benjamin a box of paint and some brushes. He also sent six engravings(版画) by an artist. These were the first pictures and first real paint and brushes Benjamin had ever seen.
In 1747, when Benjamin was nine years old, Mr.Pennington returned for another visit. He was amazed at what Benjamin had done with his gift. He asked Benjamin’s parents if he might take the boy back to Philadelphia for a visit.
In the city, Mr.Pennington gave Benjamin materials for creating oil paintings. The boy began a landscape(风景) painting. William Williams, a well-known painter, came to see him work. Williams was impressed with Benjamin and gave him two classic books on painting to take home. The books were long and dull. Benjamin could read only a little, having been a poor student. But he later said, "Those two books were my companions by day, and under my pillow at night." While it is likely that he understood very little of the books, they were his introduction to classical paintings. The nine-year-old boy decided then that he would be an artist.
21.What is the text mainly about?
A. Benjamin’s visit to Philadelphia.
B. Williams’ influence on Benjamin.
C. The beginning of Benjamin’s life as an artist.
D. The friendship between Benjamin and Pennington.
22.What does the underlined sentence in paragraph 3 suggest?
A. The cat would be closely watched.
B. The cat would get some medical care.
C. Benjamin would leave his home shortly.
D. Benjamin would have real brushes soon.
23.What did Pennington do to help Benjamin develop his talent?
A. He took him to see painting exhibitions.
B. He provided him with painting materials.
C. He sent him to a school in Philadelphia.
D. He taught him how to make engravings.
24.Williams’ two books helped Benjamin to　　　.
A. master the use of paints	
B. appreciate landscape paintings
C. get to know other painters	
D. make up his mind to be a painter
【语篇解读】本文属于记叙文，主要讲了美国绘画之父Benjamin在决定要成为一名画家之前的经历。
21.C 【解析】主旨大意题。文章主要介绍了美国绘画之父Benjamin在成为一名画家之前的生活经历，并介绍了Pennington对Benjamin在绘画道路上的一些帮助，故选C。
22.D 【解析】句意猜测题。根据第三段＂These were the first pictures and first real paint and brushes Benjamin had ever seen＂可知Benjamin在剪完猫的毛做刷子之后，就很快有了真正的刷子，故选D。
23.B 【解析】细节理解题。根据最后一段＂Mr. Pennington gave Benjamin materials for creating oil paintings＂可知Pennington为了帮助Benjamin培养绘画天赋，给他提供了一些绘画材料，故选B。
24.D 【解析】细节理解题。根据最后一段＂While it is likely that he understood very little of the books, they were his introduction to classical paintings. The nine-year-old boy decided then that he would be an artist＂可知：这两本书帮助Benjamin坚定了自己成为一名画家的决心，故选D。 
三年（2017-2019）高考真题英语分项汇编
专题15 阅读理解社会生活、议论类
一、2019年高考真题
1. 【2019·全国卷II，C】
Marian Bechtel sits at West Palm Beach’s Bar Louie counter by herself, quietly reading her e-book as she waits for her salad. What is she reading? None of your business! Lunch is Bechtel’s “me” time. And like more Americans, she’s not alone.
A new report found 46 percent of meals are eaten alone in America. More than half(53 percent)have breakfast alone and nearly half(46 percent)have lunch by themselves. Only at dinnertime are we eating together anymore，74 percent，according to statistics from the report.
“I prefer to go out and be out. Alone，but together，you know？”Bechtel said，looking up from her book. Bechtel，who works in downtown West Palm Beach，has lunch with coworkers sometimes，but like many of us，too often works through lunch at her desk. A lunchtime escape allows her to keep a boss from tapping her on the shoulder. She returns to work feeling energized. “Today，I just wanted some time to myself，”she said.
Just two seats over，Andrew Mazoleny，a local videographer，is finishing his lunch at the bar. He likes that he can sit and check his phone in peace or chat up the barkeeper with whom he's on a first-name basis if he wants to have a little interaction(交流). “I reflect on how my day's gone and think about the rest of the week,” he said. “It's a chance for self-reflection, You return to work recharged and with a plan.”
That freedom to choose is one reason more people like to eat alone. There was a time when people may have felt awkward about asking for a table for one，but those days are over. Now，we have our smartphones to keep us company at the table. “It doesn't feel as alone as it may have before al the advances in technology,” said Laurie Demerit， whose company provided the statistics for the report.
28. What are the statistics in paragraph 2 about?
A. Food variety							B. Eating habits.
C. Table manners.						D. Restaurant service.
29. Why does Bechtel prefer to go out for lunch?
A. To meet with her coworkers.
B. To catch up with her work.
C. To have some time on her own.
D. To collect data for her report.
30. What do we know about Mazoleny?
A. He makes videos for the bar.
B. He’s fond of the food at the bar.
C. He interviews customers at the bar.
D. He’s familiar with the barkeeper.
31. What is the text mainly about?
A. The trend of having meals alone.
B. The importance of self-reflection.
C. The stress from working overtime.
D. The advantage of wireless technology.
【语篇解读】本文通过一份调查结果显示，很大比例的人选择独自用餐，原因很多，比如逃离工作氛围，或者反思自己，但是独自用餐正慢慢成为一种趋势。
28.B
【解析】推理判断题。根据第二段可知，在美国，约有46%的人们独自用餐，53%的人们独自吃早餐，46%的人们独自吃午餐，只有74%的人们晚餐不是独自享用，故可知本段的数据是关于用餐习惯，故选B。
29.C
【解析】细节理解题。根据第三段A lunchtime escape allows her to keep a boss from tapping her on the shoulder. Today, I just wanted some time to myself.可知，Bechtel一个人吃午饭可以让她逃离老板的关注，给自己留一些自由时间，故选C。
30.D
【解析】推理判断题。根据第四段he likes that he can sit and check his phone in peace or chat up the barkeeper with whom he’s on a first-name basis if he wants to have a little interaction.可知Mazoleny喜欢这样的气氛，因为可以坐在那里，查看手机信息，或者想聊天了，可以直呼吧台服务员名字和他聊天，故可知，他与服务员很熟悉，可以直呼对方名字，故选D。
31.A
【解析】主旨大意题。本文通过一份调查结果显示，很大比例的人选择独自用餐，原因很多，比如逃离工作氛围，或者反思自己，但是独自用餐正慢慢成为一种趋势，故选A。
2. 【2019·全国卷III，B】
For Western designers, China and its rich culture have long been an inspiration for Western creative.
"It's no secret that China has always been a source(来源)of inspiration for designers," says Amanda Hill, chief creative officer at A+E Networks, a global media company and home to some of the biggest fashion(时尚)shows.
Earlier this year, the China Through A Looking Glass exhibition in New York exhibited 140 pieces of China-inspired fashionable clothing alongside Chinese works of art, with the aim of exploring the influence of Chinese aesthetics(美学)on Western fashion and how China has fueled the fashionable imagination for centuries. The exhibition had record attendance, showing that there is huge interest in Chinese influences.
"China is impossible to overlook," says Hill. "Chinese models are the faces of beauty and fashion campaigns that sell dreams to women all over the world, which means Chinese women are not just consumers of fashion — they are central to its movement. "Of course, only are today's top Western designers being influenced by China-some of the best designers of contemporary fashion are themselves Chinese." Vera Wang, Alexander Wang, Jason Wu are taking on Galiano, Albaz, Marc Jacobs-and beating them hands down in design and sales," adds Hil.
For Hill, it is impossible not to talk about China as the leading player when discussing fashion. "The most famous designers are Chinese, so are the models, and so are the consumers," she says. "China is no longer just another market; in many senses it has become the market. If you talk about fashion today, you are talking about China-its influences, its direction, its breathtaking clothes, and how young designers and models are finally acknowledging that in many ways."
24. What can we learn about the exhibition in New York?
A. It promoted the sales of artworks.
B. It attracted a large number of visitors.
C. It showed ancient Chinese clothes.
D. It aimed to introduce Chinese models.
25. What does Hill say about Chinese women?
A. They are setting the fashion.	B. They start many fashion campaigns.
C. They admire super models.	D. They do business all over the world.
26. What do the underlined words "taking on" in paragraph 4 mean?
A. learning from		B. looking down on
C. working with		D. competing against
27. What can be a suitable title for the text?
A. Young Models Selling Dreams to the World
B. A Chinese Art Exhibition Held in New York
C. Differences Between Eastern and Western Aesthetics
D. Chinese Culture Fueling International Fashion Trends
【语篇解读】这是一篇议论文。文章主要讲了中国文化对世界时尚届的影响，中国年轻的设计师和模特如何最终在许多方面被认可。中国成了世界时尚的风向标。
24.B
【解析】细节理解题。答案定位在第三段The exhibition had record attendance, showing that there is huge interest in Chinese influences.（此次展览吸引的参观者人数创下了记录，显示出人们对中国影响的浓厚兴趣。）由此可知，纽约的展览吸引了许多参观者，故选B。
25.A
【解析】细节理解题。答案定位在第四段Chinese models are the faces of beauty and fashion campaigns that sell dreams to women all over the world, which means Chinese women are not just consumers of fashion-they are central to its movement . （中国模特是向全世界女性推销梦想的美和时尚活动的代言人，这意味着中国女性不仅仅是时尚的消费者——她们是这场运动的核心。）由此可知，Hill说中国女性开创了新时尚，故选A。
26.D
【解析】词义猜测题。下文and beating them hands down in design and sales说并在设计和销售上击败他们。由此推断出上文Vera Wang, Alexander Wang, Jason Wu are taking on Galliano, Albaz, Mare Jacobs的意思是Vera Wang、Alexander Wang和Jason Wu正在与Galliano、Albaz和 Mare Jacobs竞争。taking on意思是“竞争”，故选D。
27.D
【解析】主旨大意题。根据文章第一段china and its culture have long been an inspiration for western creations.以及最后一段If you talk about fashion today , you are talking about China - its influences , its direction, its breathtaking clothes, and how young designers and models are finally acknowledging that in many ways."（如果你今天谈论时尚，你谈论的是中国——它的影响，它的方向，它令人惊叹的服装，以及年轻的设计师和模特如何最终在许多方面被认可。），结合全文内容，可知这篇文章最恰当的题目是“中国文化助力国际时尚潮流”，故选D。

3. 【2019·天津卷，D】
Would you BET on the future of this man？He is 53 years old. Most of his adult life has been a losing struggle against debt and misfortune. A war injury has made his left hand stop functioning，and he has often been in prison. Driven by heaven-knows-what motives，he determines to write a book.
The book turns out to be one that has appealed to the world for more than 350 years. That former prisoner was Cervantes，and the book was Don Quixote（《堂吉诃德》）. And the story poses an interesting question: why do some people discover new vitality and creativity to the end of their days，while others go to seed long before？
We've all known people who run out of steam before they reach life's halfway mark. I'm not talking about those who fail to get to the top. We can't all get there. I'm talking about people who have stopped learning on growing because they have adopted the fixed attitudes and opinions that all too often come with passing years.
Most of us，in fact，progressively narrow the variety of our lives. We succeed in our field of specialization and then become trapped in it. Nothing surprises us. We lose our sense of wonder. But，if we are willing to lean，the opportunities are everywhere.
The things we learn in maturity seldom involve information and skills. We learn to bear with the things we can't change. We learn to avoid self-pity. We learn that however much we try to please，some people are never going to love us-an idea that troubles at first but is eventually relaxing.
With high motivation and enthusiasm，we can keep on learning. Then we will know how important it is to have meaning in our life. However，we can achieve meaning only if we have made a commitment to something larger than our own little egos（自我），whether to loved ones，to fellow humans，to work，or to some moral concept.
Many of us equate（视……等同于）“commitment” with such “caring” occupations as teaching and nursing. But doing any ordinary job as well as one can is in itself an admirable commitment. People who work toward such excellence whether they are driving a truck，or running a store-make the world better just by being the kind of people they are. They've learned life's most valuable lesson.
51. The passage starts with the story of Cervantes to show that_________.
A. loss of freedom stimulates one's creativity
B. age is not a barrier to achieving one's goal
C. misery inspires a man to fight against his fate
D. disability cannot stop a man's pursuit of success
52. What does the underlined part in Paragraph 3 probably mean？
A. End one's struggle for liberty.
B. Waste one's energy taking risks.
C. Miss the opportunity to succeed.
D. Lose the interest to continue learning.
53. What could be inferred from Paragraph 4？
A. Those who dare to try often get themselves trapped.
B. Those who tend to think back can hardly go ahead.
C. Opportunity favors those with a curious mind.
D. Opportunity awaits those with a cautious mind.
54. What does the author intend to tell us in Paragraph 5？
A. A tough man can tolerate suffering.
B. A wise man can live without self-pity
C. A man should try to satisfy people around him.
D. A man should learn suitable ways to deal with life
55. What is the author's purpose in writing the passage？
A. To provide guidance on leading a meaningful adult life.
B. To stress the need of shouldering responsibilities at work.
C. To state the importance of generating motivation for learning.
D. To suggest a way of pursuing excellence in our lifelong career.
【语篇解读】本文属于议论文，讲述要成功，就需要不断的学习，这样的生活才会有意义。
51.B
【解析】推理判断题。第一段讲述塞万提斯一生不幸，负债累累，因为战争受伤左手残疾，同时还身陷囹圄，在53岁的时候决定写书，最终写出成名作《唐吉柯德》，根据后文可知，所有的困境都没有阻挡他的成功，年龄也是如此，故选B。
52.D
 【解析】词义猜测题。根据第三段I’m talking about people who have stopped learning on growing because they have adopted the fixed attitudes and opinions that all too often come with passing years.故可知，作者谈论的不是那些没有到达巅峰的人，而是谈论那些不再学习成长的人，故可知run out of steam可知，停止学习，故选D。
53.C
【解析】推理判断题。根据第四段we lose the sense of wonder. But, if we are willing to learn, the opportunities are everywhere.可知，我们失去了好奇感，但是如果我们愿意学习，机会无处不在，故可知，机会总是留给那些好奇心的人，故选C。
54. D
【解析】推理判断题。根据第五段we learn to bear with the things we can’t change. We learn to avoid self-pity. We learn that however much we try to please, some people are never going to love us—an idea that troubles at first but is eventually relaxing.可知，我们学会承受那些无法改变的事情，学会避免自怜，也学会了无论我们怎么去取悦别人，有些人是无法喜欢我们的，这个观点起初让我们苦恼，但是之后会让我们释怀，故可知，本段作者告诉我们要学会使用恰当的方式来对待生活，故选D。
55.A
【解析】主旨大意题。本文讲述要成功，就需要不断的学习，这样的生活才会有意义，故本文作者的目的是为了指导我们过一个有意义的成年人生活，故选A。
6. 【2019·江苏卷，C】
Who cares if people think wrongly that the Internet has had more important influences than the washing machine? Why does it matter that people are more impressed by the most recent changes?
It would not matter if these misjudgments were just a matter of people's opinions. However, they have real impacts, as they result in misguided use of scarce resources.
The fascination with the ICT(Information and Communication Technology) revolution, represented by the Internet, has made some rich countries wrongly conclude that making things is so "yesterday" that they should try to live on ideas. This belief in "post-industrial society" has led those countries to neglect their manufacturing sector(制造业) with negative consequences for their economies.
Even more worryingly, the fascination with the Internet by people in rich countries has moved the international community to worry about the "digital divide" between the rich countries and the poor countries. This has led companies and individuals to donate money to developing countries to buy computer equipment and Internet facilities. The question, however, is whether this is what the developing countries need the most. Perhaps giving money for those less fashionable things such as digging wells, extending electricity networks and making more affordable washing machines would have improved people's lives more than giving every child a laptop computer or setting up Internet centres in rural villages, I am not saying that those things are necessarily more important, but many donators have rushed into fancy programmes without carefully assessing the relative long-term costs and benefits of alternative uses of their money.
In yet another example, a fascination with the new has led people to believe that the recent changes in the technologies of communications and transportation are so revolutionary that now we live in a "borderless world". As a result, in the last twenty years or so, many people have come to believe that whatever change is happening today is the result of great technological progress, going against which will be like trying to turn the clock back. Believing in such a world, many governments have put an end to some of the very necessary regulations on cross-border flows of capital, labour and goods, with poor results.
Understanding technological trends is very important for correctly designing economic policies, both at the national and the international levels, and for making the right career choices at the individual level. However, our fascination with the latest, and our under valuation of what has already become common, can, and has, led us in all sorts of wrong directions.
61. Misjudgments on the influences of new technology can lead to __________.
A. a lack of confidence in technology
B. a slow progress in technology
C. a conflict of public opinions
D. a waste of limited resources
62. The example in Paragraph 4 suggests that donators should __________.
A. take people's essential needs into account
B. make their programmes attractive to people
C. ensure that each child gets financial support
D. provide more affordable internet facilities
63. What has led many governments to remove necessary regulations?
A. Neglecting the impacts of technological advances.
B. Believing that the world has become borderless.
C. Ignoring the power of economic development.
D. Over-emphasizing the role of international communication.
64. What can we learn from the passage?
A. People should be encouraged to make more donations.
B. Traditional technology still has a place nowadays.
C. Making right career choices is crucial to personal success.
D. Economic policies should follow technological trends.
【语篇解读】本文属于议论文，讲述对信息技术的过分迷恋对国家，对个人，对慈善事业都会有不利的影响。
61.D
【解析】细节理解题。根据第二段However, they have reak impacts, as they result in misguided use of scarce resources. 可知，对信息技术的错误判断会导致有限资源的错误使用，也就是资源的浪费，故选D。
62.A
【解析】推理判断题。根据第四段Perhaps giving money for those less fashionable things such as digging wells, extending electricity networks and making more affordable washing machines would have improved people's lives more than giving every child a laptop computer or setting up Internet centres in rural villages, I am not saying that those things are necessarily more important, but many donators have rushed into fancy programmes without carefully assessing the relative long-term costs and benefits of alternative uses of their money.可知，与其给那些贫困地区孩子笔记本电脑或者建网络中心，还不如给钱打井，铺电网或者生产他们买得起的洗衣机，这些东西更能改善他们的生活。作者不是说这些东西一定更重要，但是很多捐赠者没有仔细考虑捐赠的东西的长期成本，因此作者建议捐赠者要考虑接受捐赠的人的实际情况，而不是一味地追求信息化，故选A。
63.B
【解析】推理判断题。根据第五段In yet another example, a fascination with the new has led people to believe that the recent changes in the technologies of communications and transportation are so revolutionary that now we live in a "borderless world". 以及Believing in such a world, many governments have put an end to some of the very necessary regulations on cross-border flows of capital, labour and goods, with poor results.可知，对新东西的迷恋让人们认为如今通讯技术和交通的变革让我们生活在一个无国界的世界。正是认为我们生活在这样一个世界，很多政府取消了关于跨国界的资本、劳动力以及商品流动的法律法规，故选B。
64.B
【解析】推理判断题。根据第三段The fascination with the ICT(Information and Communication Technology) revolution, represented by the Internet, has made some rich countries wrongly conclude that making things is so "yesterday" that they should try to live on ideas. This belief in "post-industrial society" has led those countries to neglect their manufacturing sector(制造业) with negative consequences for their economies.可知，对互联网呈现的通讯技术变革的迷恋让很多富裕国家做出一个错误的结论，制造产品已经过时了，他们应该靠创意生活，因而忽略了制造业，从而对经济造成不利影响，故可知传统的技术依然传统的技术依然有它的地位，不能新兴的信息技术取代，故选B。

二、2018年高考真题
1.【2018·全国I，C】
Languages have been coming and going for thousands of years, but in recent times there has been less coming and a lot more going. When the world was still populated by hunter-gatherers, small, tightly knit (联系)groups developed their own patterns of speech independent of each other. Some language experts believe that 10,000 years ago, when the world had just five to ten million people, they spoke perhaps 12,000 languages between them.
Soon afterwards, many of those people started settling down to become farmers, and their languages too became more settled and fewer in number. In recent centuries, trade, industrialization, the development of the nation-state and the spread of universal compulsory education, especially globalisation and better communications in the past few decades, all have caused many languages to disappear, and dominant languages such as English, Spanish and Chinese are increasingly taking over.
At present, the world has about 6,800 languages. The distribution of these languages is hugely uneven. The general rule is that mild zones have relatively few languages, often spoken by many people, while hot, wet zones have lots, often spoken by small numbers. Europe has only around 200 languages; the Americas about 1,000; Africa 2 400; and Asia and the Pacific perhaps 3,200, of which Papua New Guinea alone accounts for well over 800. The median number (中位数)of speakers is a mere 6,000, which means that half the world’s languages are spoken by fewer people than that.
Already well over 400 of the total of, 6,800 languages are close to extinction(消亡), with only a few elderly speakers left. Pick, at random, Busuu in Cameroon (eight remaining speakers),Chiapaneco in Mexico(150), Lipan Apache in the United States(two or three)or Wadjigu in Australia (one, with a question-mark): none of these seems to have much chance of survival.
28. What can we infer about languages in hunter-gatherer times?
A. They developed very fast.    					B. They were large in number.
C. They had similar patterns.    					D. They were closely connected.
29. Which of the following best explains "dominant " underlined in paragraph 2？
A. Complex.    								B. Advanced.
C. Powerful.    								D. Modern.
30. How many languages are spoken by less than 6, 000 people at present?
A. About 6,800   								B. About 3,400
C. About 2,400   								D. About 1,200
31. What is the main idea of the text?
A. New languages will be created.
B. People’s lifestyles are reflected in languages.
C. Human development results in fewer languages.
D. Geography determines language evolution.
【文章大意】本文是一篇议论文。文章讲述了随着社会的发展人类语言越来越少及其原因。
28.B
【解析】推理判断题。根据文章第一段中的When the world was still populated by hunter-gatherers, small, tightly knit (联系) groups developed their own patterns of speech independent of each other... when the world had just five to ten million people, they spoke perhaps 12,000 languages between them.可知，当世界以依靠狩猎为生的人居住的时候，小而联系紧密的群落形成了他们彼此之间独立的讲话模式。当世界上的人口数量不到一千万时，语言种类达到了12000种。由此推知，当时的语言种类很多。故选B。
29.C
【解析】猜测词义题。根据文章第二段中的dominant languages such as English, Spanish and Chinese are increasingly taking over.可知，英语、西班牙语和汉语正在替代其他语言。由此推知dominant languages意为：强有力的语言。故选C。
30.B
【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第三段中的At present, the world has about 6,800 languages.和The median number (中位数) of speakers is a mere 6,000, which means that half the world’s languages are spoken by fewer people than that. 可知，目前世界上大约有6800种语言，但是讲的人数少于6000人的占一半即3400.故选B。
31.C
【解析】主旨要义题。根据文章第一段中的主题句Languages have been coming and going for thousands of years, but in recent times there has been less coming and a lot more going.可知，语言的产生和消失进行了几千年，但最近时代语言产生的少，消失的太多。故选
点睛：长难句解读
In recent centuries, trade, industrialisation, the development of the nation-state and the spread of universal compulsory education, especially globalisation and better communications in the past few decades, all have caused many languages to disappear, and dominant languages such as English, Spanish and Chinese are increasingly taking over.
分析：and连接两个并列句，前面的介词短语in. . .作时间状语，all和前面的名词短语是同位语。
句意：在最近的几个世纪，贸易、工业化、民族国家的发展和全球义务教育的蔓延，尤其是过去几十年来，全球化和更好的交流，这些都是导致许多语言消失的原因。而且像英语、西班牙语和汉语这些强大的语言正在不断地占据统治地位。
2.【2018·全国卷II，B】
Many of us love July because it’s the month when nature’s berries and stone fruits are in abundance. These colourful and sweet jewels form British Columbia’s fields are little powerhouses of nutritional protection.
Of the common berries, strawberries are highest in vitamin C, although, because of their seeds, raspberries contain a little more protein (蛋白质), iron and zinc (not that fruits have much protein). Blueberries are particularly high in antioxidants (抗氧化物质). The yellow and orange stone fruits such as peaches are high in the carotenoids we turn into vitamin A and which are antioxidants. As for cherries (樱桃), they are so delicious who cares? However, they are rich in vitamin C.
When combined with berries of slices of other fruits, frozen bananas make an excellent base for thick, cooling fruit shakes and low fat “ice cream”. For this purpose, select ripe bananas for freezing as they are much sweeter. Remove the skin and place them in plastic bags or containers and freeze. If you like, a squeeze of fresh lemon juice on the bananas will prevent them turning brown. Frozen bananas will last several weeks, depending on their ripeness and the temperature of the freezer.
If you have a juicer, you can simply feed in frozen bananas and some berries or sliced fruit. Out comes a “soft-serve” creamy dessert, to be eaten right away. This makes a fun activity for a children’s party; they love feeding the fruit and frozen bananas into the top of the machine and watching the ice cream come out below.
24. What does the author seem to like about cherries?
A. They contain protein.    				B. They are high in vitamin A.
C. They have a pleasant taste.    			D. They are rich in antioxidants.
25. Why is fresh lemon juice used in freezing bananas?
A. To make them smell better.    			B. To keep their colour.
C. To speed up their ripening.    			D. To improve their nutrition.
26. What is “a juicer” in the last paragraph?
A. A dessert.    						B. A drink.
C. A container.    						D. A machine.
27. From which is the text probably taken?
A. A biology textbook.    				B. A health magazine.
C. A research paper.    					D. A travel brochure.
【文章大意】本文是一篇日常生活类说明文。文章主要介绍并比较了几种水果各自的营养价值和健康功效，并列出了一些食用这些水果的方法。
24.C
【解析】细节理解题。题干问的是，作者喜欢樱桃什么。根据第二段中As for cherries (樱桃), they are so delicious who cares?（至于樱桃，因为它们很好吃谁在乎呢?）可知，作者在乎的是它的美味。故选C。
25.B
【解析】细节理解题。根据第三段中的If you like, a squeeze of fresh lemon juice on the bananas will prevent them turning brown.可知，往香蕉上滴新鲜的柠檬汁是为了防止香蕉变成褐色，故新鲜的柠檬汁是被用来保持香蕉的颜色的。故选B。
26.D
【解析】词义猜测题。根据最后一段中they love feeding the fruit and frozen bananas into the top of the machine and watching the ice cream come out below可知，孩子们喜欢把一些水果和冷冻的香蕉放入到这台机器的上部，然后看到冰激凌从下面出来。故可以推出a juicer就是一台机器。故选D。
27.B
【解析】文章出处题。文章首先指出七月是水果盛产的季节，并指出各种水果富含的营养，最后一段指出我们可以用a juicer为孩子们做一些甜点和冰激凌，故最可能是从健康杂志上摘取的文章。A项意为：生物教科书；B项意为：一本健康杂志；C项意为：一篇研究论文；D项意为：一本旅游手册。故选B。
3.【2018·全国卷II，C】
    Teens and younger children are reading a lot less for fun, according to a Common Sense Media report published Monday.
    While the decline over the past decade is steep for teen readers, some data in the report shows that reading remains a big part of many children’s lives, and indicates how parents might help encourage more reading.
    According to the report’s key findings, “the proportion (比例) who say they ‘hardly ever’ read for fun has gone from 8 percent of 13-year-olds and 9 percent of 17-year-olds in 1984 to 22 percent and 27 percent respectively today.”
    The report data shows that pleasure reading levels for younger children, ages 2—8, remain largely the same. But the amount of time spent in reading each session has declined, from closer to an hour or more to closer to a half hour per session.
    When it comes to technology and reading, the report does little to counsel(建议) parents looking for data about the effect of e-readers and tablets on reading. It does point out that many parents still limit electronic reading, mainly due to concerns about increased screen time.
     The most hopeful data shared in the report shows clear evidence of parents serving as examples and important guides for their kids when it comes to reading. Data shows that kids and teens who do read frequently, compared to infrequent readers, have more books in the home, more books purchased for them, parents who read more often, and parents who set aside time for them to read.
    As the end of school approaches, and school vacation reading lists loom(逼近) ahead, parents might take this chance to step in and make their own summer reading list and plan a family trip to the library or bookstore.
28. What is the Common Sense Media report probably about?
A. Children’s reading habits.
B. Quality of children’s books.
C. Children’s after-class activities.
D. Parent-child relationships.
29. Where can you find the data that best supports "children are reading a lot less for fun"?
A. In paragraph 2.    				B. In paragraph 3.
C. In paragraph 4.    				D. In paragraph 5.
30. Why do many parents limit electronic reading?
A. E-books are of poor quality.
B. It could be a waste of time.
C. It may harm children’s health.
D. E-readers are expensive.
31. How should parents encourage their children to read more?
A. Act as role models for them.
B. Ask then to write book reports.
C. Set up reading groups for them.
D. Talk with their reading class teachers.
【文章大意】本文是一篇说明文。文章主要介绍了一项关于儿童和青少年的阅读习惯的调查报告。报告表明，儿童和青少年趣味阅读时间明显减少；父母会对孩子的阅读习惯产生一些积极影响。
28.A
【解析】推理判断题。题干问的是这篇报道可能是关于什么内容。根据整篇文章，我们可以看出这篇报道讲述了孩子们阅读的乐趣，孩子们阅读的时间，孩子们阅读方式和父母对孩子阅读的影响。A项意为：孩子们的阅读习惯；B项意为：孩子们所读书籍的质量；C项意为：孩子们的课后活动；D项意为：父母与孩子的关系。故选A。
29.B
 【解析】推理判断题。根据第三段中的the proportion (比例) who say they ‘hardly ever’ read for fun has gone from 8 percent of 13-year-olds and 9 percent of 17-year-olds in 1984 to 22 percent and 27 percent respectively today.可知，很少为乐趣而阅读的人的比例已经分别从1984年的13岁的8%和17岁的9%上升到现在的22%和27%。也就是说，为乐趣而读书的人越来越少了。故选B。
30.C
【解析】推理判断题。根据倒数第三段最后一句many parents still limit electronic reading, mainly due to concerns about increased screen time可知，许多家长仍然限制电子阅读，主要是由于担心看一些电子屏幕的时间越来越多，也即是担心会伤害孩子们的健康。故选C。
31.A
【解析】细节理解题。根据倒数第二段The most hopeful data shared in the report shows clear evidence of parents serving as examples and important guides for their kids when it comes to reading.可知，有明显的证据表明，父母为孩子们做榜样并为孩子们作重要指导能培养孩子的阅读习惯。也即是说，父母可以通过给孩子们作榜样来鼓励孩子们阅读的。故选A。
4.【2018·全国卷I，B】
Good Morning Britain’s Susanna Reid is used to grilling guests on the sofa every morning, but she is cooking up a storm in her latest role — showing families how to prepare delicious and nutritious meals on a tight budget.
In Save Money: Good Food, she visits a different home each week and with the help of chef Matt Tebbutt offers top tips on how to reduce food waste, while preparing recipes for under £5 per family a day. And the Good Morning Britain presenter says she’s been able to put a lot of what she’s leant into practice in her own home, preparing meals for sons, Sam,14, Finn,13, and Jack, 11.
"We love Mexican churros, so I buy them on my phone from my local Mexican takeaway restaurant," she explains. "I pay £5 for a portion(一份), but Matt makes them for 26p a portion, because they are flour, water, sugar and oil. Everybody can buy takeaway food, but sometimes we’re not aware how cheaply we can make this food ourselves. "
The eight-part series(系列节目), Save Money: Good Food, follows in the footsteps of ITV’s Save Money: Good Health, which gave viewers advice on how to get value from the vast range of health products on the market.
With food our biggest weekly household expense, Susanna and Matt spend time with a different family each week. In tonight’s Easter special they come to the aid of a family in need of some delicious inspiration on a budget. The team transforms the family’s long weekend of celebration with less expensive but still tasty recipes.
24. What do we know about Susanna Reid?
A. She enjoys embarrassing her guests.					B. She has started a new programme.
C. She dislikes working early in the morning. 				D. She has had a tight budget for her family.
25. How does Matt Tebbutt help Susanna?
A. He buys cooking materials for her.					B. He prepares food for her kids.
C. He assists her in cooking matters.						D. He invites guest families for her.
26. What does the author intend to do in paragraph 4?
A. Summarize the previous paragraphs.					B. Provide some advice for the readers.
C. Add some background information.					D. Introduce a new topic for discussion.
27. What can be a suitable title for the text?
A. Keeping Fit by Eating Smart							B. Balancing Our Daily Diet
C. Making yourself a Perfect Chef						D. Cooking Well for Less
【文章大意】本文是一篇说明文。文章介绍了一档英国系列电视节目，给观众介绍如何减少食物浪费以及如何以较少的预算做出美味佳肴。
24.B
【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第一段知道Good Morning Britain’s Susanna Reid is used to grilling guests on the sofa every morning, but she is cooking up a storm in her latest role可知，她开辟了一个新的节目。故选B。
25.C
【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第二段中的In Save Money: Good Food, she visits a different home each week and with the help of chef Matt Tebbutt offers top tips on how to reduce food waste, while preparing recipes for under £5 per family a day.可知， Susanna 在Matt Tebbutt的帮助下，提供如何减少食物浪费同时给每日生活费低于5英镑的每个家庭准备食谱。故选C。解题关键词：同义词表达with the help of和help。
26.C
【解析】写作意图题。根据文章第四段中的which gave viewers advice on how to get value from the vast range of health products on the market.可知，Save Money: Good Food节目是Save Money: Good Health节目之后，给观众一些建议：如何从众多的市场上的健康产品中获取价值。故选C。
27.D
【解析】主旨要义题。根据文章的整体内容可知，文章作者一直在讲如何用较少的钱做出好的食物。根据文章中的prepare delicious and nutritious meals on a tight budget. 在资金紧张的情况下，准备可口且有营养的饭菜； how to reduce food waste, while preparing recipes for under £5 per family a day. 如何减少食物浪费同时给每日生活费低于5英镑的每个家庭准备食谱； how cheaply we can make this food ourselves. 我们自己做这种食物有多便宜； less expensive but still tasty recipes.不贵可仍然可口的食谱。可以推知D正确。
点睛：本篇文章学生感到比较难的是26题，很多学生不知道作者在说什么，不明白作者的意图，感到很茫然。根据文章中的Save Money: Good Food, follows in the footsteps of ITV's Save Money: Good Health,…可知作者是为读者介绍了Save Money这个节目是怎么来的，即是背景信息。
5.【2018`全国卷II，D】
We’ve all been there: in a lift, in line at the bank or on an airplane, surrounded by people who are, like us, deeply focused on their smartphones or, worse, struggling with the uncomfortable silence.
 What’s the problem? It’s possible that we all have compromised conversational intelligence. It’s more likely that none of us start a conversation because it’s awkward and challenging, or we think it’s annoying and unnecessary. But the next time you find yourself among strangers, consider that small talk is worth the trouble. Experts say it’s an invaluable social practice that results in big benefits.
 Dismissing small talk as unimportant is easy, but we can’t forget that deep relationships wouldn’t
even exist if it weren’t for casual conversation. Small talk is the grease(润滑剂) for social communication, says Bernardo Carducci, director of the Shyness Research Institute at Indiana University Southeast. ＂Almost every great love story and each big business deal begins with small talk,＂ he explains. ＂The key to successful small talk is learning how to connect with others, not just communicate with them.＂
In a 2014 study, Elizabeth Dunn, associate professor of psychology at UBC, invited people on their way into a coffee shop. One group was asked to seek out an interaction(互动) with its waiter; the other, to speak only when necessary. The results showed that those who chatted with their server reported significantly higher positive feelings and a better coffee shop experience. ＂It’s not that talking to the waiter is better than talking to your husband,＂ says Dunn. ＂But interactions with peripheral(边缘的) members of our social network matter for our well-being also.＂
Dunn believes that people who reach out to strangers feel a significantly greater sense of belonging, a bond with others. Carducci believes developing such a sense of belonging starts with small talk. ＂Small talk is the basis of good manners,＂ he says.
32. What phenomenon is described in the first paragraph?
A. Addiction to smartphones.
B. Inappropriate behaviours in public places.
C. Absence of communication between strangers.
D. Impatience with slow service.
33. What is important for successful small talk according to Carducci?
A. Showing good manners.  		  		B. Relating to other people.
C. Focusing on a topic.    				D. Making business deals.
34. What does the coffee-shop study suggest about small talk?
A. It improves family relationships.    		B. It raises people’s confidence.
C. It matters as much as a formal talk.    	D. It makes people feel good.
35. What is the best title for the text?
A. Conversation Counts    				B. Ways of Making Small Talk
C. Benefits of Small Talk    				D. Uncomfortable Silence
【文章大意】这是一篇议论文。在当今社会，人们在公共场合或沉迷于智能手机，或与不舒服的沉默抗争，陌生人之间缺乏沟通。但人与人之间是需要适当的交谈闲聊的，闲聊是人际关系社会交往必不可少的部分，而且也有很多好处。
32.C
【解析】主旨大意题。题干问的是：第一段描述了什么现象。在公共场合（比如在电梯里，在银行排队，或在飞机上）人们深深地专注于他们的智能手机，或者更糟糕的是，与不舒服的沉默抗争。有此可知，陌生人之间缺乏沟通。A项意为：沉迷于智能手机。B项意为：在公共场所不适当的行为。C项意为：陌生人之间缺乏沟通。D项意为：对缓慢的服务不耐烦。故选C项。
33.B
【解析】推理判断题。题干问得是对于Carducci来说，成功的闲聊中重要的是什么。根据第三段最后一句“The key to successful small talk is learning how to connect with others, not just communicate with them”（成功闲聊的关键是学习如何与他们交流，而不仅仅是与他们沟通。）由此推断C符合题意。A项意为：表现出良好的礼貌。B项意为：与他人有关的。C项意为：专注于一个话题。D项意为：做商业交易。故选B项。
34.D
【解析】推理判断题。题干问的是：咖啡店的研究对闲聊有什么建议。根据第四段的调查结果可知，那些与服务员聊天的人，有显著的积极情绪和更好的咖啡店体验。由此可知，D项符合题意。A项意为：闲聊改善了家庭关系。B项意为：闲聊提高了人们的信心。C项意为：闲聊和正式谈话一样重要。D项意为：闲聊让人感觉很好。故选D项。
35.C
【解析】主旨大意题。整篇文章刚开始介绍了社会的现象（公共场合人们沉迷于智能手机，陌生人之间缺乏沟通交流），接着分析了这一问题的原因，接下来有专家对闲聊进行了研究，最后得出结论，闲聊都有什么样的好处。A项意为：谈话很重要。B项意为：闲聊的方法。C项意为：闲聊的好处。D项意为：不舒服的沉默。故选C项。
点睛：我们在做阅读理解时，尽量找出每段的主讲内容（可能是一句话或是一个短语），这样有利于整篇文章的把握，有利于做文章大意题。如35题，很显然本文讲的不是重要性也不是方法更不是沉默，所以ABD都可以轻松排除。
6.【2018·全国卷III，D】
Adults understand what it feels like to be flooded with objects. Why do we often assume that more is more when it comes to kids and their belongings? The good news is that I can help my own kids learn earlier than I did how to live more with less.
I found the pre-holidays a good time to encourage young children to donate less-used things, and it worked. Because of our efforts, our daughter Georgia did decide to donate a large bag of toys to a little girl whose mother was unable to pay for her holiday due to illness. She chose to sell a few larger objects that were less often used when we promised to put the money into her school fund(基金）(our kindergarten daughter is serious about becoming a doctor).
For weeks, I've been thinking of bigger, deeper questions: How do we make it a habit for them? And how do we train ourselves to help them live with, need, and use less? Yesterday, I sat with my son, Shepherd, determined to test my own theory on this. I decided to play with him with only one toy for as long as it would keep his interest. I expected that one toy would keep his attention for about five minutes, ten minutes, max. I chose a red rubber ball-simple, universally available. We passed it, he tried to put it in his mouth, he tried bouncing it, rolling it, sitting on it, throwing it. It was totally, completely enough for him. Before I knew it an hour had passed and it was time to move on to lunch.
We both became absorbed in the simplicity of playing together. He had my full attention and I had his. My little experiment to find joy in a single object worked for both of us.
32. What do the words “more is more” in paragraph 1 probably mean?
A. The more, the better.    				B. Enough is enough.
C. More money, more worries.    			D. Earn more and spend more.
33. What made Georgia agree to sell some of her objects?
A. Saving up for her holiday    			B. Raising money for a poor girl
C. Adding the money to her fund    		D. Giving the money to a sick mother
34. Why did the author play the ball with Shepherd?
A. To try out an idea
B. To show a parent's love
C. To train his attention
D. To help him start a hobby
35. What can be a suitable title for the text?
A. Take It or Leave It    					B. A Lesson from Kids
C. Live More with Less    				D. The Pleasure of Giving
【文章大意】这是一篇议论文。文章讲述作者引导孩子主动捐献玩具，并从玩耍简单玩具中获得快乐的做法。
32.A
【解析】词义猜测题。根据文章第一段最后一句…I can help my own kids learn earlier than I did how to live more with less可以推断出，人们通常认为越多越好。故选A。
33.C
【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第二段中She chose to sell a few larger objects that were less often used when we promised to put the money into her school fund(基金)可知，当我们承诺给她把卖玩具的钱放到她的教育基金里时，她同意卖玩具。故选C。
34.A
【解析】细节理解题。根据文章最后一段最后一句My little experiment to find joy in a single object worked for both of us.表明，跟Shepherd玩球是为了测试自己的一种想法是否可行。故选A。
35.C
【解析】主旨大意题。根据文章第一段可知，作者想要教会孩子how to live more with less，而二三段是作者的尝试，故C作标题适合。
7.【2018·浙江卷，C】
As cultural symbols go, the American car is quite young. The Model T Ford was built at the Piquette Plant in Michigan a century ago, with the first rolling off the assembly line（装配线）on September 27, 1908. Only eleven cars were produced the next month. But eventually Henry Ford would build fifteen million of them.
   Modern America was born on the road, behind a wheel. The car shaped some of the most lasting aspects of American culture: the roadside diner, the billboard, the motel, even the hamburger. For most of the last century, the car represented what it meant to be American—going forward at high speed to find new worlds. The road novel, the road movie, these are the most typical American ideas, born of abundant petrol, cheap cars and a never-ending interstate highway system, the largest public works project in history.
   In 1928 Herbert Hoover imagined an America with “a chicken in every pot and a car in every garage.” Since then, this society has moved onward, never looking back, as the car transformed America from a farm-based society into an industrial power.
   The cars that drove the American Dream have helped to create a global ecological disaster. In America the demand for oil has grown by 22 percent since 1990.
   The problems of excessive（过度的）energy consumption, climate change and population growth have been described in a book by the American writer Thomas L. Friedman. He fears the worst, but hopes for the best.
   Friedman points out that the green economy（经济）is a chance to keep American strength. “The ability to design, build and export green technologies for producing clean water, clean air and healthy and abundant food is going to be the currency of power in the new century.”
28. Why is hamburger mentioned in paragraph 2?
   A. To explain Americans’ love for travelling by car.
   B. To show the influence of cars on American culture.
C. To stress the popularity of fast food with Americans.
D. To praise the effectiveness of America’s road system.
29. What has the use of cars in America led to?
   A. Decline of economy.     						B. Environmental problems.
C. A shortage of oil supply. 						D. A farm-based society.
30. What is Friedman’s attitude towards America’s future?
   A. Ambiguous.     		B. Doubtful.     		C. Hopeful.    		D. Tolerant.
【文章大意】文章讲述了汽车在美国经济和文化上的重要作用，也指出了汽车带来的环境问题。
28.B
【解析】推理判断题。根据第二段Modern America was born on the road, behind a wheel. The car shaped some of the most lasting aspects of American culture: the roadside diner, the billboard, the motel, even the hamburger.可知现代美国诞生于公路和汽车，汽车塑造了美国文化最持久的一些方面。Hamburger就是汽车塑造的美国文化的一个方面。用这个例子是在说明汽车对美国文化的影响，故选B。
29.B
【解析】细节理解题。根据第四段The cars that drove the American Dream have helped to create a global ecological disaster.可知美国汽车的迅速发展，导致生态灾难。故选B。
30.C
【解析】推理判断题。根据倒数第二段中的He fears the worst, but hopes for the best. 和最后一段中的Friedman points out that the green economy（经济）is a chance to keep American strength.可见Friedman虽然对未来担心，但抱有最好的希望，他指出了发展绿色积极的想法。可见Friedman对未来是充满希望的，故选C。
8.【2018·天津卷，D】
Give yourself a test. Which way is the wind blowing? How many kinds of wildflowers can be seen from your front door? If your awareness is as sharp as it could be, you’ll have no trouble answering these questions.
Most of us observed much more as children than we do as adults. A child’s day is filled with fascination, newness and wonder. Curiosity gave us all a natural awareness. But distinctions that were sharp to us as children become unclear; we are numb(麻木的）to new stimulation(刺激), new ideas. Relearning the art of seeing the world around us is quite simple, although it takes practice and requires breaking some bad habits.
The first step in awakening senses is to stop predicting what we are going to see and feel before it occurs. This blocks awareness. One chilly night when I was hiking in the Rocky Mountains with some students, I mentioned that we were going to cross a mountain stream. The students began complaining about how cold it would be. We reached the stream, and they unwillingly walked ahead. They were almost knee-deep when they realized it was a hot spring. Later they all admitted they’d felt cold water at first.
Another block to awareness is the obsession(痴迷) many of us have with naming things. I saw bird watchers who spotted a bird, immediately looked it up in field guides, and said, a "ruby-crowned kinglet" and checked it off. They no longer paid attention to the bird and never learned what it was doing.
The pressures of "time" and "destination" are further blocks to awareness. I encountered many hikers who were headed to a distant camp-ground with just enough time to get there before dark. It seldom occurred to them to wander a bit, to take a moment to see what’s around them. I asked them what they’d seen. "Oh, a few birds," they said. They seemed bent on their destinations.
Nature seems to unfold to people who watch and wait. Next time you take a walk, no matter where it is, take in all the sights, sounds and sensations. Wander in this frame of mind and you will open a new dimension to your life.
51. According to Paragraph 2, compared with adults, children are more ____________.
A. anxious to do wonders
B. sensitive to others’ feelings
C. likely to develop unpleasant habits
D. eager to explore the world around them
52. What idea does the author convey in Paragraph 3?
A. To avoid jumping to conclusions.
B. To stop complaining all the time.
C. To follow the teacher’s advice.
D. To admit mistakes honestly.
53. The bird watchers’ behavior shows that they __________.
A. are very patient in their observation
B. are really fascinated by nature
C. care only about the names of birds
D. question the accuracy of the field guides
54. Why do the hikers take no notice of the surroundings during the journey?
A. The natural beauty isn’t attractive to them.
B. They focus on arriving at the camp in time.
C. The forest in the dark is dangerous for them.
D. They are keen to see rare birds at the destination.
55. In the passage, the author intends to tell us we should __________.
A. fill our senses to feel the wonders of the world
B. get rid of some bad habits in our daily life
C. open our mind to new things and ideas
D. try our best to protect nature
【文章大意】本文是一篇散文。我们有多久没有仔细观察我们周围的世界了。作者通过此文要告诉我们：放慢脚步，带着我们所有的感官来感受周围世界的奇妙。
51.D
【解析】推理判断题。根据文章第二段Most of us observed much more as children than we do as adults.可知，与成人相比较，孩子观察得更多，从而可以推断出孩子更急于探索他们周围的世界。故选D。
52.A
【解析】推理判断题。根据文章第三段作者叙述在一个寒冷的夜晚，作者和学生徒步旅行穿过一条小溪的时候，学生们抱怨水太冷而不愿往前走，结果事实上那是一个温泉。作者举这样一个事例是为了向读者传递这样的观念：避免过早下结论。故选A。
53.C
 【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第四段全段及首句Another block to awareness is the obsession(痴迷) many of us have with naming things.可知，鸟观察者发现鸟后只关心鸟的名字，并不关心它在做什么。故选C。
54.B
【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第五段I encountered many hikers who were headed to a distant camp-ground with just enough time to get there before dark. It seldom occurred to them to wander a bit, to take a moment to see what’s around them.可知，徒步旅行者只关心能够及时到达目的地，而很少关心周围的事物。故选B。
55.A
【解析】推理判断题。文章作者想要通过此文要告诉我们：大自然只展现给那些善于观察和等待的人，带着我们所有的感官来感受周围世界的奇妙。
【点睛】本文是一篇散文阅读。整个文章行文自由，不拘一格，对考生来说阅读有一定的难度。但我们只需要抓住贯穿全文的主线：大自然只展现给那些善于观察和等待的人，就不难理解全文大意了。文章多考查细节理解题和推理判断题，考生需要根据文中事实和线索作出判断和推理。

9.【2018·北京卷，D】
Preparing Cities for Robot Cars
The possibility of self-driving robot cars has often seemed like a futurist’s dream, years away from materializing in the real world. Well, the future is apparently now. The California Department of Motor Vehicles began giving permits in April for companies to test truly self-driving cars on public roads. The state also cleared the way for companies to sell or rent out self-driving cars, and for companies to operate driverless taxi services. California, it should be noted, isn’t leading the way here. Companies have been testing their vehicles in cities across the country. It’s hard to predict when driverless cars will be everywhere on our roads. But however long it takes, the technology has the potential to change our transportation systems and our cities, for better or for worse, depending on how the transformation is regulated.
While much of the debate so far has been focused on the safety of driverless cars(and rightfully so), policymakers also should be talking about how self-driving vehicles can help reduce traffic jams, cut emissions(排放) and offer more convenient, affordable mobility options. The arrival of driverless vehicles is a chance to make sure that those vehicles are environmentally friendly and more shared.
Do we want to copy — or even worsen — the traffic of today with driverless cars? Imagine a future where most adults own individual self-driving vehicles. They tolerate long, slow journeys to and from work on packed highways because they can work, entertain themselves or sleep on the ride, which encourages urban spread. They take their driverless car to an appointment and set the empty vehicle to circle the building to avoid paying for parking. Instead of walking a few blocks to pick up a child or the dry cleaning, they send the self-driving minibus. The convenience even leads fewer people to take public transport — an unwelcome side effect researchers have already found in ride-hailing(叫车) services.
A study from the University of California at Davis suggested that replacing petrol-powered private cars worldwide with electric, self-driving and shared systems could reduce carbon emissions from transportation 80% and cut the cost of transportation infrastructure(基础设施) and operations 40% by 2050. Fewer emissions and cheaper travel sound pretty appealing. The first commercially available driverless cars will almost certainly be fielded by ride-hailing services, considering the cost of self-driving technology as well as liability and maintenance issues(责任与维护问题). But driverless car ownership could increase as the prices drop and more people become comfortable with the technology.
 Policymakers should start thinking now about how to make sure the appearance of driverless vehicles doesn’t extend the worst aspects of the car-controlled transportation system we have today. The coming technological advancement presents a chance for cities and states to develop transportation systems designed to move more people, and more affordably. The car of the future is coming. We just have to plan for it.
47. According to the author, attention should be paid to how driverless cars can __________.
A. help deal with transportation-related problems
B. provide better services to customers
C. cause damage to our environment
D. make some people lose jobs
48. As for driverless cars, what is the author’s major concern?
A. Safety.    						B. Side effects.
C. Affordability.    					D. Management.
49. What does the underlined word ＂fielded＂ in Paragraph 4 probably mean?
A. Employed.    					B. Replaced.
C. Shared.    						D. Reduced.
50. What is the author’s attitude to the future of self-driving cars?
A. Doubtful.    						B. Positive.
C. Disapproving.    					D. Sympathetic.
【文章大意】本文为议论文。文章主要讨论有关无人驾驶汽车的发展前景和面临的问题。
47.A
【解析】推理判断题。根据第二段While much of the debate so far has been focused on the safety of driverless cars(and rightfully so), policymakers also should be talking about how self-driving vehicles can help reduce traffic jams, cut emissions(排放) and offer more convenient, affordable mobility options. 可知，政策制定者应该讨论无人驾驶车怎么帮助削减交通阻塞，减少尾气排放，提供更方便、更便宜的出行选择，由此可见人们应该多关注无人驾驶车怎么帮助处理与交通有关的问题。故选A。
48.D
【解析】推理判断题。根据文章第一段But however long it takes, the technology has the potential to change our transportation systems and our cities, for better or for worse, depending on how the transformation is regulated. 可知，不管花多长时间，这项技术都有可能改变我们的交通系统和我们的城市，不管是好是坏，这取决于如何这种转变如何被规范，再根据文章最后一句话The car of the future is coming. We just have to plan for it. 可知，我们需要为其做好计划，故作者的主要关注点是对这种转变的管理规范，故选D。
49.A
【解析】词义猜测题。根据第四段The first commercially available driverless cars will almost certainly be fielded by ride-hailing services, considering the cost of self-driving technology as well as liability and maintenance issues(责任与维护问题). 可知，鉴于自主驾驶的费用以及责任和维护问题，无人驾驶车几乎可以肯定将会被打车服务使用。故划线词是“被应用”的意思。A. Employed被应用；B. Replaced被取代；C. Shared被分享；D. Reduced被减少。故选A。
50.B
【解析】观点态度题。根据文章最后一段The coming technological advancement presents a chance for cities and states to develop transportation systems designed to move more people, and more affordably. The car of the future is coming. We just have to plan for it. 中的 advancement，move more people, and more affordably. 以及plan for it可推知，作者是积极的态度。故选B。
点睛：根据用词风格，推断情感态度。一篇好的文章，其用词风格常常直接流露或蕴含作者的内心世界和情感态度。所以阅读时要善于捕捉表达或暗示情感态度的词句或短语，捕捉那些烘托气氛，渲染情感的词句，进而很好地洞察作者的思想倾向，是支持、反对抑或中立？对于选项而言，要分清选项中的褒义词、中性词和贬义词，以此对照全文。
10.【2018·江苏卷，C】
	If you want to disturb the car industry, you'd better have a few billion dollars: Mom-and-pop carmakers are unlikely to beat the biggest car companies. But in agriculture, small farmers can get the best of the major players. By connecting directly with customers, and by responding quickly to changes in the markets as well as in the ecosystems(生态系统）, small farmers can keep one step ahead of the big guys. As the co-founder of the National Young Farmers Coalition (NYFC, 美国青年农会）and a family farmer myself. I have a front-row seat to the innovations among small farmers that are transforming the industry.
	For example, take the Quick Cut Greens Harvester, a tool developed just a couple of years ago by a young farmer, Jonathan Dysinger, in Tennessee, with a small loan from a local Slow Money group. It enables small-scale farmers to harvest 175 pounds of green vegetables per hour—a huge improvement over harvesting just a few dozen pounds by hand—suddenly making it possible for the little guys to compete with large farms of California. Before the tool came out, small farmers couldn't touch the price per pound offered by California farms. But now, with the combination of a better price point and a generally fresher product, they can stay in business.
	The sustainable success of small farmers, though, won't happen without fundamental changes
to the industry. One crucial factor is secure access to land. Competition from investors. developers, and established large farmers makes owning one's own land unattainable for many new farmers.
From 2004 to 2013, agricultural land values doubled, and they continue to rise in many regions.
	Another challenge for more than a million of the most qualified farm workers and managers is a non-existent path to citizenship — the greatest barrier to building a farm of their own. With farmers over the age of 65 outnumbering(多于）farmers younger than 35 by six to one, and with two-thirds of the nation's farmland in need of a new farmer, we must clear the path for talented people willing to grow the nation's food.
	There are solutions that could light a path toward a more sustainable and fair farm economy, but farmers can't clumsily put them together before us. We at the NYFC need broad support as we urge Congress to increase farmland conservation, as we push for immigration reform, and as we seek policies that will ensure the success of a diverse and ambitious next generation of farms from all backgrounds. With a new farm bill to be debated in Congress, consumers must take a stand with young farmers.
61. The author mentions car industry at the beginning of the passage to introduce           .
	A. the progress made in car industry
	B. a special feature of agriculture
	C. a trend of development in agriculture
	D. the importance of investing in car industry
62. What does the author want to illustrate with the example in paragraph 2?
	A. Loans to small local farmers are necessary.
	B. Technology is vital for agricultural development.
	C. Competition between small and big farms is fierce
	D. Small farmers may gain some advantages over big ones.
63. What is the difficulty for those new famers?
	A. To gain more financial aid.
	B. To hire good farm managers.
	C. To have fans of their own.
	D. To win old farmers’ support.
64. What should farmers do for a more sustainable and fair farm economy?
	A. Seek support beyond NYFC.
	B. Expand farmland conservation.
	C. Become members of NYFC.
	D. Invest more to improve technology.
【文章大意】文章主要阐述了美国的小农场主所持有的优势，同时也分析了目前美国农业所面临的问题，比如美国农业目前很多人不愿意卖地，且60岁以上的农民数目远远高出年轻农民。
61.B
【解析】推理判断题。根据文章第一段If you want to disturb the car industry，you'd better have a few billion dollars: Mom-and-pop carmakers are unlikely to beat the biggest car companies.But in agriculture，small farmers can get the best of the major players.提到汽车行业，小型汽车制造商不太可能打败最大的汽车公司。然而农业就不一样了，小农场也能成为主导可知，作者开篇提到汽车行业，目的是引起下文，说明了农业特色，故选B项。
62.D
【解析】推理判断题。文章第二段是通过事例来证明第一段“…small farmers can keep one step ahead of the big guys.”小农场也可能会超过大型农场可知，小农场也可能比大农场先占领先机，故选D项。
63.C
【解析】细节理解题。根据第三段“Competition from investors, developers, and established large farmers makes owning one’s own land unattainable for many new farmers.” 来自投资者、开发商和老牌大农场主的竞争使得许多新农民无法拥有自己的土地可知，对于新型的农民来说要拥有自己的土地，即自己的农场还是困难重重的，故选C项。
64.A
【解析】细节理解题。根据第四段“We at the NYFC need broad support as we urge Congress to increase farmland conservation, as we push for immigration reform, and as we seek policies that will ensure the success of a diverse and ambitious next generation of farmers from all backgrounds. With a new farm bill to be debated in Congress, consumers must take a stand with young farmers.”可知，除了在敦促国会增加耕地保护的同时，在推动移民改革的同时，在寻求确保不同背景、雄心勃勃的下一代农民成功的政策时，农民应该为一个更可持续、更公平的农业经济寻求更多的支持，故选A项。

三、2017年高考真题
1. 【2017·全国卷I，C】
Some of the world’s most famous musicians recently gathered in Paris and New Orleans to celebrate the first annual International Jazz Day. UNESCO(United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization) recently set April 30 as a day to raise awareness of jazz music, its significance, and its potential as a unifying(联合) voice across cultures.
Despite the celebrations, though, in the U.S. the jazz audience continues to shrink and grow older, and the music has failed to connect with younger generations.
It’s Jason Moran’s job to help change that. As the Kennedy Center’s artistic adviser for jazz, Moran hopes to widen the audience for jazz, make the music more accessible, and preserve its history and culture.
＂Jazz seems like it’s not really a part of the American appetite,＂ Moran tells National Public Radio’s reporter Neal Conan. ＂What I’m hoping to accomplish is that my generation and younger start to reconsider and understand that jazz is not black and white anymore. It’s actually color, and it’s actually digital.＂
Moran says one of the problems with jazz today is that the entertainment aspect of the music has been lost.
＂The music can’t be presented today the way it was in 1908 or 1958. It has to continue to move, because the way the world works is not the same,＂ says Moran.
Last year, Moran worked on a project that arranged Fats Waller’s music for a dance party, ＂just to kind of put it back in the mind that Waller is dance music as much as it is concert music,＂ says Moran. ＂For me, it’s the recontextualization. In music, where does the emotion(情感) lie? Are we, as humans, gaining any insight(感悟) on how to talk about ourselves and how something as abstract as a Charlie Parker record gets us into a dialogue about our emotions and our thoughts? Sometimes we lose sight that the music has a wider context,＂ says Moran, ＂so I want to continue those dialogues. Those are the things I want to foster.＂
28. Why did UNESCO set April 30 as International Jazz Day?
A. To remember the birth of jazz.
B. To protect cultural diversity.
C. To encourage people to study music.
D. To recognize the value of jazz.
29. What does the underlined word ＂that＂ in paragraph 3 refer to?
A. Jazz becoming more accessible.
B. The production of jazz growing faster.
C. Jazz being less popular with the young.
D. The jazz audience becoming larger.
30. What can we infer about Moran’s opinion on jazz?
A. It will disappear gradually.
B. It remains black and white.
C. It should keep up with the times.
D. It changes every 50 years.
31. Which of the following can be the best title for the text?
A. Exploring the Future of Jazz
B. The Rise and Fall of Jazz
C. The Story of a Jazz Musician
D. Celebrating the Jazz Day
【文章大意】为提高人们对于爵士乐的重视程度，UNESCO把4月30日定为国际爵士日，然而这一行为还是没能挽救爵士乐。Jason Moran认为时代在进步，为了将老一代人和年轻一代人连接起来，爵士乐也应该不断进步。
28. D
【解析】细节理解题。根据第一段中的UNESCO( United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization) recently set April 30 as a day to raise awareness of jazz music, its significance, and its potential as a unifying(联合) voice across cultures.可知UNESCO把4月30日定为国际爵士日是为了让人们重视爵士乐，意识到它的重要性以及它作为连接各文化的纽带之声的潜在功能，也就是为了让人们意识到爵士乐的价值。故选D。
29. C
【解析】推理判断题。根据前文Despite the celebrations, though, in the U.S. the jazz audience continues to shrink and grow older, and the music has failed to connect with younger generations可知尽管UNESCO为爵士乐设了纪念日，但美国的爵士乐听众依然在减少，并且年龄在老化，爵士乐没能将年轻一代人连接起来。再结合It’s Jason Moran’s job to help change that(Jason Moran的工作帮助改变了那一情况)可推测that指代的是前文中爵士乐在年轻一代人中失去吸引力的现象。故选C。
30. C
【解析】细节理解题。根据第五段中的The music can’t be presented today the way it was in 1908 or 1958. It has to continue to move, because the way the world works is not the same可知Moran认为现在爵士乐不能以1908或1958年的方式来呈现，因为世界已经不同了，所以爵士乐必须不断进步，说明随着时代的发展，爵士乐也要跟上时代才不会被年轻一代所抛弃。故选C。
31. A
【解析】标题选择题。通读全文可知本文主要讲UNESCO为提高人们对爵士乐的重视而设立爵士日，但实际收效甚微。有人认为爵士乐应随着时代的进步而进步，否则它将失去对人们的吸引力，因此本文主要是探索爵士乐的未来，故选A。
2. 【2017·全国卷III，B】
Minutes after the last movie ended yesterday at the Plaza Theater, employees were busy sweeping up popcorns and gathering coke cups. It was a scene that had been repeated many times in the theater’s 75-year history. This time, however, the cleanup was a little different. As one group of workers carried out the rubbish, another group began removing seats and other theater equipment in preparation for the building’s end.
	The film classic The Last Picture Show was the last movie shown in the old theater. Though the movie is 30 years old, most of the 250 seats were filled with teary-eyed audience wanting to say good-bye to the old building. Theater owner Ed Bradford said he chose the movie because it seemed appropriate. The movie is set in a small town where the only movie theater is preparing to close down.
Bradford said that large modern theaters in the city made it impossible for the Plaza to compete. He added that the theater’s location(位置) was also a reason. ＂This used to be the center of town,＂ he said. ＂Now the area is mostly office buildings and warehouses.＂
Last week some city officials suggested the city might be interested in turning the old theater into a museum and public meeting place. However, these plans were abandoned because of financial problems. Bradford sold the building and land to a local development firm, which plans to build a shopping complex on the land where the theater is located.
The theater audience said good-bye as Bradford locked the doors for the last time. After 75 years the Plaza Theater had shown its last movie. The theater will be missed.
24. In what way was yesterday’s cleanup at the Plaza special?
   A. It made room for new equipment.
   B. It signaled the closedown of the theater.
   C. It was done with the help of the audience.
   D. It marked the 75th anniversary of the theater.
25. Why was The Last Picture Show put on?
   A. It was an all-time classic.
B. It was about the history of the town.
   C. The audience requested it.
D. The theater owner found it suitable.
26. What will probably happen to the building?
   A. It will be repaired.
B. It will be turned into a museum.
   C. It will be knocked down.
D. It will be sold to the city government.
27. What can we infer about the audience?
A. They are disappointed with Bradford.
B. They are sad to part with the old theater.
C. They are supportive of the city officials.
D. They are eager to have a shopping center.
【文章大意】这是一篇社会生活类文章，讲述了一家具有75年历史的剧院因为不利的地理位置和现代剧院的竞争而被转售的故事。
24.B
【解析】细节理解题。根据首段的最后两句可知，这次散场后的清理工作与之前不同的是工人不仅清理走了垃圾，而且还搬走了座椅和剧院的其他设备，因为剧院已经被转卖出去了。
25.D
【解析】推理判断题。根据第二段最后两句可知，剧院老板选择这部电影是因为这部电影本身讲述的就是小镇上唯一的电影院准备关门停业的故事，与Plaza Theater的现状一样。
26.C
【解析】推理判断题。根据第四段末句中的＂which plans to build a shopping complex on the land where the theater is located＂可以推断出这个剧院将被拆除，取而代之的是一个购物中心。
27.B
【解析】推理判断题。根据第二段中的＂most of the 250 seats were filled with teary-eyed audience wanting to say good-bye to the old building＂可知，人们非常难过，不愿意看到老剧院被拆掉。
3. 【2017·江苏卷，C】
A new commodity brings about a highly profitable, fast-growing industry, urging antitrust(反垄断) regulators to step in to check those who control its flow. A century ago, the resource in question was oil. Now similar concerns are being raised by the giants(巨头) that deal in data, the oil of the digital age. The most valuable firms are Google, Amazon, Facebook and Microsoft. All look unstoppable.
Such situations have led to calls for the tech giants to be broken up. But size alone is not a crime. The giants’ success has benefited consumers. Few want to live without search engines or a quick delivery. Far from charging consumers high prices, many of these services are free (users pay, in effect, by handing over yet more data). And the appearance of new-born giants suggests that newcomers can make waves, too.
But there is cause for concern. The internet has made data abundant, all-present and far more valuable, changing the nature of data and competition. Google initially used the data collected from users to target advertising better. But recently it has discovered that data can be turned into new services: translation and visual recognition, to be sold to other companies. Internet companies’ control of data gives them enormous power. So they have a "God’s eye view" of activities in their own markets and beyond.
This nature of data makes the antitrust measures of the past less useful. Breaking up firms like Google into five small ones would not stop remaking themselves: in time, one of them would become great again. A rethink is required — and as a new approach starts to become apparent, two ideas stand out.
The first is that antitrust authorities need to move from the industrial age into the 21st century. When considering a merger(兼并), for example, they have traditionally used size to determine when to step in. They now need to take into account the extent of firms’ data assets(资产) when assessing the impact of deals. The purchase price could also be a signal that an established company is buying a new-born threat. When this takes place, especially when a new-born company has no revenue to speak of, the regulators should raise red flags.
The second principle is to loosen the control that providers of on-line services have over data and give more to those who supply them. Companies could be forced to reveal to consumers what information they hold and how much money they make from it. Governments could order the sharing of certain kinds of data, with users’ consent.
Restarting antitrust for the information age will not be easy. But if governments don’t want a data economy controlled by a few giants, they must act soon.
61. Why is there a call to break up giants?
A. They have controlled the data market.
B. They collect enormous private data.
C. They no longer provide free services.
D. They dismissed some new-born giants.
62. What does the technological innovation in Paragraph 3 indicate?
A. Data giants’ technology is very expensive.
B. Google’s idea is popular among data firms.
C. Data can strengthen giants’ controlling position.
D. Data can be turned into new services or products.
63. By paying attention to firms’ data assets, antitrust regulators could 　　　.
A. kill a new threat					B. avoid the size trap
C. favour bigger firms					D. charge higher prices
64. What is the purpose of loosening the giants’ control of data?
A. Big companies could relieve data security pressure.
B. Governments could relieve their financial pressure.
C. Consumers could better protect their privacy.
D. Small companies could get more opportunities.
【文章大意】文章大意：本文主要讲的是信息时代的信息数据的垄断现象。一些科技巨头Google, Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft等对数据的垄断引来了有关部门的反垄断调查。
61.A
【解析】第二段＂Such situations have led to calls for the tech giants to be broken up.＂中的such指代上文介绍的公司现状，根据第一段中的＂urging antitrust（反垄断）regulators to step in to check those who control its flow＂可知，督促反垄断管理者介入来调查控制数据市场的大公司。
62.C
【解析】根据第三段中的＂Internet companies’ control of data gives them enormous power. So they have a ＂God’s eye view＂ of activities in their own markets and beyond.＂可知，互联网公司对数据的掌控使得它们拥有了很大的权力，说明数据会加强大公司的统治地位。
63.B
【解析】根据倒数第三段＂The first is that antitrust authorities need to move from the industrial age into the 21st century. When considering a merger(兼并), for example, they have traditionally used size to determine when to step in. They now need to take into account the extent of firms’ data assets(资产) when assessing the impact of deals.＂可知，在考虑公司数据资产的基础上，反垄断监管机构会避免陷于规模陷阱。
64.D
【解析】根据倒数第二段Companies could be forced to consumers what information they hold and how many money they make from it. Governments... with  users’ consent.＂可知，由于大公司垄断数据信息，不利于小公司更好地服务消费者，也不利于政府开展工作。弱化这种垄断将会给小公司带去更多的发展机会。
4. 【2017·天津卷，C】
This month, Germany’s transport minister, Alexander Dobrindt, proposed the first set of rules for autonomous vehicles(自主驾驶车辆). They would define the driver’s role in such cars and govern how such cars perform in crashes where lives might be lost.
The proposal attempts to deal with what some call the “death valley” of autonomous vehicles: the grey area between semi-autonomous and fully driverless cars that could delay the driverless future.
Dobrindt wants three things: that a car always chooses property(财产) damage over personal injury; that it never distinguishes between humans based on age or race; and that if a human removes his or her hands from the driving wheel — to check email, say — the car’s maker is responsible if there is a crash.
“The change to the road traffic law will permit fully automatic driving,” says Dobrindt. It will put fully driverless cars on an equal legal footing to human drivers, he says.
Who is responsible for the operation of such vehicles is not clear among car makers, consumers and lawyers. “The liability(法律责任) issue is the biggest one of them all,” says Natasha Merat at the University of Leeds, UK.
An assumption behind UK insurance for driverless cars, introduced earlier this year, insists that a human “be watchful and monitoring the road” at every moment.
But that is not what many people have in mind when thinking of driverless cars. “When you say ‘driverless cars’, people expect driverless cars.” Merat says. “You know — no driver.”
Because of the confusion, Merat thinks some car makers will wait until vehicles can be fully automated without human operation.
Driverless cars may end up being a form of public transport rather than vehicles you own, says Ryan Calo at Stanford University, California. That is happening in the UK and Singapore, where government-provided driverless vehicles are being launched.
That would go down poorly in the US, however. “The idea that the government would take over driverless cars and treat them as a public good would get absolutely nowhere here,” says Calo.
46. What does the phrase “death valley” in Paragraph 2 refer to?
A. A place where cars often break down.
B. A case where passing a law is impossible.
C. An area where no driving is permitted.
D. A situation where drivers’ role is not clear.
47. The proposal put forward by Dobrindt aims to _____________.
A. stop people from breaking traffic rules
B. help promote fully automatic driving
C. protect drivers of all ages and races
D. prevent serious property damage
48. What do consumers think of the operation of driverless cars?
A. It should get the attention of insurance companies.
B. It should be the main concern of law makers.
C. It should not cause deadly traffic accidents.
D. It should involve no human responsibility.
49. Driverless vehicles in public transport see no bright future in ____________.
A. Singapore				B. the UK				C. the US					D. Germany
50. What could be the best title for the passage?
A. Autonomous Driving: Whose Liability?
B. Fully Automatic Cars: A New Breakthrough
C. Autonomous Vehicles: Driver Removed!
D. Driverless Cars: Root of Road Accidents
【语篇解读】文章介绍了德国交通部长对于自主驾驶车辆的规章制度的一个提议，引出说明了位于科技前沿的无人驾驶的自动化车辆在英国、新加坡和美国的不同前景。
46.D
【解析】考查词义猜测。根据第二段的句子the grey area between semi-autonomous and fully driverless cars that could delay the driverless future可知选D。
47.B
【解析】考查推理判断。根据第二段内容The proposal attempts to deal with what some call the “death valley” of autonomous vehicles…可知选B。
48.D
【解析】考查细节理解。根据第六、七、八段内容可知选D。
49.C
【解析】考查细节理解。根据最后一段That would go down poorly in the US, however. “The idea that the government would take over driverless cars and treat them as a public good would get absolutely nowhere here,” says Calo.可知选C。
50.A
【解析】考查标题归纳。通读全文可以知道，本文主要讲述了谁来对无人驾驶的机动车辆负责。故选A。
5. 【2017·天津卷，D】
I read somewhere that we spend a full third of our lives waiting. But where are we doing all of this waiting, and what does it mean to an impatient society like ours? To understand the issue, let’s take a look at three types of “waits”.
    The very purest form of waiting is the Watched-Pot Wait. It is without doubt the most annoying of all. Take filling up the kitchen sink(洗碗池) as an example. There is absolutely nothing you can do while this is going on but keep both eyes fixed on the sink until it’s full. During these waits, the brain slips away from the body and wanders about until the water runs over the edge of the counter and onto your socks. This kind of wait makes the waiter helpless and mindless.
A cousin to the Watched-Pot Wait is the Forced Wait. This one requires a bit of discipline. Properly preparing packaged noodle soup requires a Forced Wait. Directions are very specific. “Bring three cups of water to boil, add mix, simmer three minutes, remove from heat, let stand five minutes.” I have my doubts that anyone has actually followed the procedures strictly. After all, Forced Waiting requires patience.
Perhaps the most powerful type of waiting is the Lucky-Break Wait. This type of wait is unusual in that it is for the most part voluntary. Unlike the Forced Wait, which is also voluntary, waiting for your lucky break does not necessarily mean that it will happen.
Turning one’s life into a waiting game requires faith and hope, and is strictly for the optimists among us. On the surface it seems as ridiculous as following the directions on soup mixes, but the Lucky-Break Wait well serves those who are willing to do it. As long as one doesn’t come to rely on it, wishing for a few good things to happen never hurts anybody.
We certainly do spend a good deal of our time waiting. The next time you’re standing at the sink waiting for it to fill while cooking noodle soup that you’ll have to eat until a large bag of cash falls out of the sky, don’t be desperate. You’re probably just as busy as the next guy.
51. While doing a Watched-Pot Wait, we tend to __________.
A. keep ourselves busy
B. get absent-minded
C. grow anxious
D. stay focused
52. What is the difference between the Forced Wait and the Watched-Pot Wait?
A. The Forced Wait requires some self-control.
B. The Forced Wait makes people passive.
C. The Watched-Pot Wait needs directions.
D. The Watched-Pot Wait engages body and brain.
53. What can we learn about the Lucky-Break Wait?
A. It is less voluntary than the Forced Wait.
B. It doesn’t always bring the desired result.
C. It is more fruitful than the Forced Wait.
D. It doesn’t give people faith and hope.
54. What does the author advise us to do the next time we are waiting?
A. Take it seriously.
B. Don’t rely on others.
C. Do something else.
D. Don’t lose heart.
55. The author supports his view by __________.
A. exploring various causes of “waits”
B. describing detailed processes of “waits”
C. analyzing different categories of “waits”
D. revealing frustrating consequences of “waits”
【语篇解读】这是一篇议论文。文章主要通过介绍三种不同种类的等待来论述我们花费大量的时间来等待，而且作者陈述了自己的观点，即充满希望和信念地等待。
51.B
【解析】考查细节理解。根据第二段的句子During these waits, the brain slips away from the body and wanders about until the water runs over the edge of the counter and onto your socks. This kind of wait makes the waiter helpless and mindless. 可知选B。
52.A
【解析】考查细节理解。根据第三段内容，尤其是This one requires a bit of discipline. 及After all, Forced Waiting requires patience. 可知选A。
53.B
【解析】考查细节理解。根据第四段的句子Unlike the Forced Wait, which is also voluntary, waiting for your lucky break does not necessarily mean that it will happen.可知选B。
54.D
【解析】考查细节理解。根据最后一段第二句可以判断出下次当我们等待的时候作者建议我们不要灰心、绝望。故选D。
55.C
【解析】考查推理判断。通读全文可以知道，作者在二、三、四段列举了三种类型的等待，所以判断出作者是通过分析不同种类的等待来支持自己的观点的。故选C。
【名师点睛】这篇文章的内容非常贴近生活实际，篇幅适中，要求学生快速阅读材料，在掌握文章大意的前提下答题。设题以细节题为主，还要求学生结合文章作出推理判断。这篇文章的最后一题就是推理判断题。学生根据文章中第二、三、四段的首句，即主题句就可以正确理解，因此不难得出答案。

6. 【2017·浙江卷，C】
Getting less sleep has become a bad habit for most American kids. According to a new survey(调查)by the National Sleep Foundation, 51% of kids aged 10 to 18 go to bed at 10 pm or later on school nights, even though they have to get up early. Last year the Foundation reported that nearly 60% of 7- to 12-year-olds said they felt tired during the day, and 15% said they had fallen asleep at school.
How much sleep you need depends a lot on your age. Babies need a lot of rest; most of them sleep about 18 hours a day! Adults need about eight hours. For most school-age children, ten hours is ideal(理想的). But the new National Sleep Foundation survey found that 35% of 10- to 12-year-olds get only seven or eight hours. And guess what almost half of the surveyed kids said they do before bedtime? Watch TV.
"More children are going to bed with TVs on, and there are more opportunities(机会)to stay awake, with more homework, the Internet and the phone," says Dr. Mary Carskadon, a sleep researcher at Brown University Medical School. She says these activities at bedtime can get kids all excited and make it hard for them to calm down and sleep. Other experts say part of the problem is chemical. Changing levels of body chemicals called hormones not only make teenagers’ bodies develop adult characteristics, but also make it hard for teenagers to fall asleep before 11 pm.
Because sleepiness is such a problem for teenagers, some school districts have decided to start high school classes later than they used to. Three years ago, schools in Edina, Minnesota, changed the start time from 7:25 am to 8:30 am. Students, parents and teachers are pleased with the results.
25.What is the new National Sleep Foundation survey on?
A. American kids’ sleeping habits.				B. Teenagers’ sleep-related diseases.
C. Activities to prevent sleeplessness.				D. Learning problems and lack of sleep.
26.How many hours of sleep do 11-year-olds need every day?
A.7 hours.			B.8 hours.			C.10 hours.			D.18 hours.
27.Why do teenagers go to sleep late according to Carskadon?
A. They are affected by certain body chemicals.
B. They tend to do things that excite them.
C. They follow their parents’ examples.
D. They don’t need to go to school early.
【语篇解读】本文属于议论文，首先用数据告诉我们美国孩子的睡眠状况堪忧，接着告诉我们孩子在不同年龄段需要的睡眠时间不同，然后分析了孩子晚睡的原因，最后介绍了一些学校为了让孩子们有更多的睡眠时间而推迟了上课的时间。
25. A
【解析】细节理解题。文中第一段列举了一些数据，向我们说明美国有51%的10到18岁的孩子上床睡觉的时间偏晚，也调查了60%的7到12岁的孩子在白天感到疲惫，15%的孩子会在学校睡着，所以这些调查都是关于美国孩子的睡眠习惯的，故选A。
26. C
【解析】细节理解题。根据第二段＂For most school-age children, ten hours is ideal＂可知11岁正在上学的小孩子的理想睡眠时间是10个小时，故选C。
27. B
【解析】细节理解题。根据第三段＂She says these activities at bedtime can get kids all excited and make it hard for them to calm down and sleep＂可知她认为孩子们睡觉晚的原因是他们会在睡前做一些让他们兴奋的活动，故选B。


三年（2017-2019）高考真题英语分项汇编
专题17  阅读理解新题型
	I．阅读理解七选五
	一、2019年高考真题
1. 【2019·全国卷I】
根据短文内容，从短文后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项。选项中有两项为多余选项。
Is Fresh Air Really Good for You?
We all grew up hearing  people tell us to “go out and get some fresh air.” ____36____ According to recent studies，the answer is a big YES，if the air quality in your camping area is good.
___37___ If the air you’re breathing is clean-which it would be if you’re away from the smog of cities-then the air is filled with life-giving，energizing oxygen. If you exercise out of doors，your body will learn to breathe more deeply，allowing even more oxygen to get to your muscles(肌肉)and your brain.
Recently，people have begun studying the connection between the natural world and healing(治愈). _____38_____ In these places patients can go to be near nature during their recovery. It turns out that just looking at green，growing things can reduce stress，lower blood pressure，and put people into a better mood(情绪).Greenery is good for us. Hospital patients Who see tree branches out their window are likely to recover at a faster rate than patients who see buildings or sky instead. ______39______ It gives us a great feeling of peace.
___40___While the sun's rays can age and harm our skin, they also give is beneficial Vitamin D. To make sure you get enough Vitamin D—but still protect your skin— put on sunscreen right as you head outside. It takes sunscreen about fifteen minutes to start working, and that's plenty of time for your skin to absorb a day's worth of Vitamin D.
A. Fresh air cleans our lungs.
B. So what are you waiting for?
C. Being in nature refreshes us.
D. Another side benefit of getting fresh air is sunlight.
E. But is fresh air really as good for you as your mother always said?
F. Just as importantly, we tend to associate air with health care.
G. All across the country, recovery centers have begun building Healing Gardens.

【语篇解读】这是一篇说明文。文章介绍了新鲜空气的好处：新鲜空气中的氧气，阳光对人们的身心健康均有好处。人们已经开始利用大自然和治愈疾病的关系，建造“康复花园”，治疗病人了。
36.E
根据下一句中的“the answer is a big YES”可知，该空应该是一个一般疑问句，选项中只有E选项是一般疑问句。故选E：但是新鲜空气真得像你母亲说的那样对你有好处吗？空前的people tell us to “go out and get some fresh air”和选项中的“your mother always said”亦是呼应。
37.A
根据下一句中提到的“If the air you’re breathing is clean…the air is filled with life-giving, energizing oxygen”可知，新鲜空气充满赋予人生命的，充满活力的氧气。下文中“…breathe more deeply, allowing more oxygen to get to your muscles and your brain”是对前文的递进：在户外，更多的氧气进入你的肌肉和大脑。根据前面的分析可以推知，该空应该提到新鲜空气的基本作用，根据常识，我们知道吸入的空气首先进入的是肺部，然后才会使我们的肌肉和大脑受益，故该空应选A选项：新鲜空气清洁我们的肺部。
38.G
根据下一句中提到的“these places”可以推知，该空应该提到表示地点的复数名词。选项中只有G选项提到该类名词，故选项G：在全国，康复中心已经开始建造“康复花园”。these places就是指Healing Gardens。
39.C
前文介绍的是“康复花园”中的绿色植物对于病人康复的好的作用：绿色的正在成长的植物可以减轻压力，降低血压，使人情绪良好。空后提到“它给我们一种平和感”。该空起承上启下的作用，仍然要提到处于“康复花园”这种自然环境中的好处，空后的it也要指代这种情况。故C选项切题：身处大自然可以使人精神焕发。
40.D
根据下文中提到的“the sun’s rays…give us beneficial Vitamin D”可知，该段介绍的阳光的好处。故该选项应该提到阳光。选项中只有D选项涉及阳光。故选D：获得新鲜空气的另一个好处是阳光。

2. 【2019·全国卷II】
根据短文内容，从短文后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项。选项中有两项为多余选项。
Imagine a child standing on a diving board four feet high and asking himself the question:“Should I jump? This is what motivation or the lack of it can do. Motivation and goal setting are the two sides of same coin. ___36___Like the child on  the  diving  board, you will stay undecided.
___37___  More than that, how should you stay motivated to achieve the goal? First, you need to evaluate yourself , your values your strengths, your weaknesses, your achievements, your desires ,etc. Only then should your you’re your goals
You also need to judge the quality and depth of your motivation. This is quite important, because it is directly related to your commitment. There are times when your heart is not in your work. ___38___ So, slow down and think what you really want to do at that moment. Clarity(清晰)of thoughts can help you move forward.
Another way of setting realistic goals is to analyze your short and long term objectives, keeping in mind your beliefs, values and strengths. Remember that goals are flexible.____39____ They also need to be measurable. You must keep these points in mind while setting your goals.
Your personal circumstances are equally important. For example, you may want to be a Pilot but can’t become one because your eyesight is not good enough.____40____You should reassess your goals, and motivate yourself to set a fresh goal.
You will surely need to overcome some difficulties, some planned, but most unplanned. You cannot overcome them without ample motivation. Make sure that you plan for these difficulties at the time of setting your goals.
A. This can affect your work.
B. So how should you motivate yourself?
C. However, this should not discourage you.
D. So why should we try to set specific goals?
E. They can change according to circumstances.
F. Motivation is what you need most to do a good job.
G. Without motivation you can neither set a goal nor reach it
     【语篇解读】这是一篇说明文。文章作者对于怎样设定具体目标，给出了一些方法。
36.G
上文说“动机和目标设定是同一枚硬币的两面”。下文说“就像孩子在跳水台，难以决定”。该空承上启下，G选项“没有目标，你就既不能设定目标，也无法实现它”切题，故选G。
37.B
下文说“不仅如此，你应该如何为实现你的目标保持积极性”。该空引出下文，B选项“那么你应该如何激励自己呢”切题，故选B。
38.A
上文说“有时候你的心不在工作上”，下文说“所以，减慢速度，想一想那时候，你到底想干什么”。该空承上启下，A选项“这会影响你的工作”切题，故选A。
39.E
上文说“记得，目标是灵活的”。该空承接上文，E选项“它们会根据环境的改变而改变”切题，故选E。
40.C
上文说“你可能想当一名飞行员，但是不能成为一名飞行员，因为你的视力不够好。”下文说“你应该重新评估你的目标，并且设定一个新的目标”。该空承上启下，C选项“然而，这也不要使你沮丧”切题，故选C。
3. 【2019·全国卷III】
根据短文内容，从短文后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项。选项中有两项为多余选项。
In an online class, developing healthy patterns of communication with professors is very important. ___36___ While I have only listed two of each, there are obviously many other situations that can arise. Students should be able to extend the logic(逻辑)of each to their particular circumstance.
Do's
• ___37___ Questions about subject content are generally welcomed. Before asking questions about the course design, read the syllabus(教学大纲)and learning management system information to be sure the answer isn't hiding in plain sight.
• Participate in discussion forums(论坛), blogs and other open-ended forums for dialogue. ___38___ Be sure to stay on topic and not offer irrelevant information. Make a point, and make it safe for others to do the same.
Don'ts
• Don't share personal information or stories. Professors are not trained nurses, financial aid experts or your best friends. If you are in need of a deadline extension, simply explain the situation to the professor. ___39___
• Don't openly express annoyance at a professor or class. ___40___ When a student attacks a professor on the social media, the language used actually says more about the student. If there is truly a concern about a professor's professionalism or ability, be sure to use online course evaluations to calmly offer your comments.
A. That's what they are for.
B. Turn to an online instructor for help.
C. If more information is needed, they will ask.
D. Remember that online professors get a lot of emails.
E. Below are some common do's and don' ts for online learners.
F. Everyone has taken a not-so-great class at one time or another.
G. Ask questions, but make sure they are good, thoughtful questions.
【语篇解读】本文为说明文。在网络课堂上，与教授建立健康的交流模式是非常重要的，作者在文中列举了一些规矩与禁忌。
36.E
根据文章段落结构和本段首句In an online class, developing healthy patterns of communication with professors is very important，可知，在网络课堂上，与教授建立健康的交流模式是非常重要的，作者在下文中列举了一些规矩与禁忌，故选项E符合语境。
37.G
根据其后一句Questions about subject content are generally welcomed.（与课程内容相关的问题是受欢迎的），解释了什么样的问题是好问题，可知，与G项“make sure they are good, thoughtful questions”相呼应，要提一些好的令人深思的问题，故选G。
38.A
根据前一句 Participate in discussion forums（论坛）, blogs and other open-ended forums for dialogue.可知，要参与论坛讨论、博客和其他开放式的对话论坛。而这正是网络课堂采用的交流的途径，故选A。
39.C
根据本段Professors are not trained nurses, financial aid experts or your best friends教授不是训练有素的护士，不是经济援助专家，也不是你最好的朋友，可知，不要分享个人信息或故事，如果他们需要更多信息的话，他们会主动问起的，故选项C符合语境。
40.F
通读本段，并根据本段主题句Don’t openly express annoyance at a professor or class.告诫读者，每个人都可能曾经上过不太好的课，不要在社交媒体上攻击教授，不要公开表达对教授或班级的不满，要利用课程评价冷静地提出你的意见。选项F符合上下文语境。
4. 【2019·北京卷】
根据短文内容，从短文后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项。选项中有两项为多余选项。
Much of the work in today’s world is accomplished(完成)in teams. Most people believe the best way to build a great team is to gather a group of the most talented individuals._____46_____Companies spend millions hiring top business people. Is their money well spent？
___47___They focused on football，basketball and baseball. The results are mixed For football and basketball，adding talented players to a team proves a good method，but only up to the point where 70% of the players are top talent；above that level, the team’s performance begins to decline. Interestingly，this trend isn’t evident in baseball. where additional individual talent keeps improving the team’s performance.
To explain this phenomenon，the researchers explored the degree to which a good performance by a team requires its members to coordinate(协调)their actions.______48______In baseball，the performance of individual players is less dependent on teammates. They conclude that when task interdependence is high，team performance will suffer when there is too much talent，while individual talent will have positive effects on team performance when task interdependence is lower. If a basketball star is. for example，trying to gain a high personal point total，he may take a shot himself when it would be better to pass the ball to a teammate，affecting the team's performance. Young children learning to play team sports are often told，“There is no I in TEAM.”___49___
Another possibility is that when there is a lot of talent on a team，some players may make less effort. Just as in a game of tug-of-war(拔河比赛)，whenever a person is added，everyone else pulls the rope with less force.
___50___.An A-team may require a balance-not just A players，but a few generous B players as well.
A. It's not a simple matter to determine the nature of talent.
B. Sports team owners spend millions of dollars attracting top talent
C. The group interaction and its effect drew the researchers' attention.
D. Stars apparently do not follow this basic principle of sportsmanship.
E. Several recent studies examined the role of talent in the sports world.
F. Building up a dream team is more complex than simply hiring the best talent.
G. This task interdependence distinguishes baseball from football and basketball.
【语篇解读】这是一篇夹叙夹议的文章。文章主要讲了建立一支最佳阵容球队比简单地雇佣最优秀的人才要复杂得多。一支一流球队可能需要一种平衡——不仅仅是最好球员，也需要一些优雅量的普通球员。
46.B
上文说“大多数人相信建立一个伟大团队的最好方法就是聚集一群最有天赋的人
个人”。下文说“公司花费数百万雇佣顶级商业人士。”该空承上启下，也是在举例，B选项“运动队老板花费数百万美元吸引顶尖人才。”切题，故选B。
47.E
下文说“他们专注于足球、篮球和篮球。结果有好有坏。”该空引出下文，E选项“最近的几项研究调查了体育世界中人才的作用。”切题，故选E。
48.G
上文说“为了解释这一现象，研究人员探索了一场好的表现要求队员们协调他们行动的程度”，下文说明了研究结果，该空承上启下，G选项“这项任务的相互依赖性使棒球区别于足球和篮球。”切题，故选G。
49.D
上文说了“一个球星为了个人得分，而影响团队的表现”，该空承接上文，D选项“球星显然没有遵守运动员精神的基本原则”切题，故选D。
50.F
下文说“一支一流球队可能需要一种平衡——不仅仅是最好球员，也需要一些优雅量的普通球员。”该空引出下文，F选项“建立一支最佳阵容球队比简单地雇佣最优秀的人才要复杂得多。”切题，故选F。
5. 【2019·浙江卷】
根据短文内容，从短文后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项。选项中有两项为多余选项。
Rock music consists of many different styles. Even though there is a common spirit among all music groups, they make very different music. ___31___ At that time the Beatles entered the world of music from Liverpool.
After they were given an invitation to appear live on BBC, the Beatles quickly became famous in Britain with nationwide tours. By mid-1963, the Beatles had been extremely popular in England. ___32___ They held large concerts and performed at clubs. They became the hottest thing on the pop music scene in England. They began as a modestly successful musician group and ended the year as show business legends(传说). John Lennon and Paul McCartney were named composers of the year.
___33___ They were not sure how the Americans would react to the new type of music. Beatlemania hit New York on February 7, 1964. Hundreds of fans jammed the airport to greet them. ___34___ The concert was broadcast live and attracted the largest one night audience in the history of television up to that time. The Beatles were described as a British invasion(入侵)by local and nationwide newspapers at that time. Their victory in America was still remembered as a major turning point in the history of rock and roll. Thanks to the Beatles, a lot of opportunities were opened up to new faces on the market. ___35___
A. They decided on a tour to the United States in 1964.
B. Even their hairstyles became major trends at that time.
C. Rock music developed in the 1950s and the early 1960s.
D. However, their songs changed the lives of generations to come.
E. Many rock bands were able to follow in the footsteps of the Beatles.
F. They appeared in the films A Hard Day's Night(1964)and Help！(1965).
G. They performed their first concert in America at CBS television's 53rd street studio.
【语篇解读】本文是一篇说明文。文中讲述了披头士的发展和影响，引领了一种潮流趋势。
31. C
第一段讲述摇滚音乐，根据空后的at that time可知前句提到了时间，而且与rock music有关，选项中只有C 项讲的是摇滚音乐，并且讲述了其发展的时间，故选C。
32. B
空前后都是讲述披头士的出名程度，根据空前extremely popular in England, 以及后文的they became the hottest thing可知此处描述了他们的影响，选项B （甚至他们的发型在那时也成为了一种潮流）符合文意，且关键词even是一个提示，故选B。
33.A
根据空后They were not sure how the Americans would react to the new type of music.（他们不确定美国人怎样反应），可知他们首次来美国演出，所以A项（决定首次到美国开巡回演出）符合文意，故选A。
34. G
根据空后The concert was broadcast live…可知前句中应该出现concert，选项G中的关键词their first concert 前后呼应。故选G。
35. E
根据空前（由于披头士，市场上出现了很多机会），E项（很多新乐队（新面孔）都是模仿披头士），符合逻辑。故选E。
II．阅读理解新题型
1.阅读表达
（2019·天津卷）阅读短文，按照题目要求用英语回答问题。
Haze Mabry，who has worked as a school keeper for thirteen years，walks into the school building every day and empties garbage cans，wipes down bathrooms and mops wet messes in the hallways.
Last Friday，after he arrived at the school，instead of finding garbage to clean up，he found almost 800 students lining the hallways with handmade cards，blowing noisemakers and singing a full-throated happy birthday to him. It was his 80th. As he walked the long hallway，some popped out of lime to hug him. They handed him so many cards that they filled several large boxes. Touched by their enthusiastic expression of affection. Mabry thanked them all. "They're like my children，"Mabry said.
On a regular day，students at the school sometimes come up to him to say they're not feeling well or other times to tell him about something that happened at break. He knows most of the kids at the school，but can't name each one. Some of them make him know them. Like Faith，who often forgets her backpack in the cafeteria，and Lucy，who just wants a hug.
“He won't brag（夸耀）on himself，but it doesn't matter what he's doing or where he is，he will always stop what he's doing to take care of a child if that child is having a bad day. If a child approaches him，he will pause to give that child his undivided attention. He's the most loved one in this building，"said Lori Gilreath，a reading teacher.
Mabry works circles around all the students，cleaning up messes others don't want to touch. He doesn't expect a lot. Mabry said he hadn't planned to do much for his milestone birthday，so he was happy the students had prepared the surprise celebration.
Over the weekend，he worked through the piles of handmade cards at his house. One card from a student stood out to him. It read: “Mr. Haze，you are my sunshine.”
56. What is Mabry's daily work as a school keeper？（no more than 5 words）
57. How did the students celebrate Mabry's birthday？（no more than 15 words）
58. What does the underlined word in Paragraph 2 probably mean？（1 word）
59. Why is Mabry's presence at the school important？（no more than 10 words）
60. Who is the "sunshine” in your life？Please explain. （no more than 20 words）
【语篇解读】本文为记叙文。文中记叙了一位清洁工Mabry，他的日常工作就是清扫学校大楼。Mabry 爱学生，关心学生。学生们也尊敬他，喜欢他。在他80生日那天，学生们用自己的方式祝贺他的生日，表达了对Mabry的热爱。
56.
【解析】细节理解题。根据第一段“Haze Mabry, who has works as a school keeper for thirteen years, walks into the school building every day and empty garbage cans, wipes down bathrooms, and mops wet messes in the hallways.”可知Haze Mabry是一位清洁工，他的日常工作就是清扫学校大楼。因此本句的答案可为：Cleaning the (school) building； Or：doing（the） cleaning；
Or: He cleans the (school)building； Or: He does (the) cleaning.
57.
【解析】细节理解题。根据第二段“Last Friday,...he found almost 800 students lining the hallways with handmade cards, blowing noisemakers and singing a full-throated happy birthday to him.和some popped out of line to hug him.”可知，上个周五，他发现几乎有800名学生在走廊里排队，拿着手制卡片，吹口哨，为他唱了一首响亮的生日快乐歌，拥抱他。因此答案为：
By lining the hallways, blowing noisemakers, singing a song, handing him cards, and hugging him.
Or: By lining the hallways with (handmade) cards, blowing noisemakers, singing a song, and hugging him.
Or: They lined the hallways, blew noisemakers, sang a song, handed him cards, and hugged him.
Or: They lined the hallways with (handmade) card, blew noisemakers, sang a song, handed him cards, and hugged him.
58.
猜测题意题。根据第二段学生们为Mabry庆祝生日的方式和划线词后的内容“Mabry thanked them all,”以及“They’re like my children.”可知 Mabry 爱学生，把学生当作自己的孩子。那么学生们也表达了他们对Mabry的热爱。因此Mabry被学生的爱所感动，故所以的“affection”相当于“Love”，故填love。
Or: liking.
Or: Fondness.
59.
【解析】细节理解题。根据倒数第二段的内容“...he will always stop what he’s doing to take care of a
child if that child is having a bad day. If a child approaches him, he will pause to give that boy his
undivided attention. He’s the most loved one in this building.”以及最后一段“Mabry works circles
around all the students, cleaning up messes others don’t want to touch. He doesn’t expect a lot.”
可知，Mabry 关心爱护孩子，帮助孩子，是一个善良、热心的人。一个不怕脏不怕累、勤奋
工作的人。因此答案为：
(Because) he loves/cares about（the）students and works hard.
Or: (Because) he loves the students and devoted to his work.
Or: (Because) he is kind/caring /helping to the students, and hard-working.
Or: (Because) he is regarded as a kind /warm-hearted /helpful/caring and hard-working man.
60.
考查学生的观察综合表达能力。本题的题目：who is the "sunshine" in your life?”谁是你生活中的阳光？只要在生活或学习中帮助过你，关心你、爱护你的，鼓励你，安慰你的都可称为your sunshine。因此答案可为：
My father/mother.(Because) he/she loves me and encouraged me when I’m faced/confronted with difficulties.
Or: My teacher.(Because) he/she cares about me and prepares me for my future career.
Or: My friend.(Because) he/she brings me joy/happiness and gives me a lot of comfort/ help/ encouragement.
2.任务型阅读
（2019·江苏卷）请认真阅读下面短文，并根据所读内容在文章后表格中的空格里填入一个最恰当的单词。
注意:请将答案写在答题卡上相应题号的横线上。每个空格只填一个单词。
The Cost of Thinking
Despite their many differences, all human beings share several defining characteristics. such as large brains and the ability to walk upright on two legs.
The first unique human characteristic is that humans have extraordinarily large brains compared with other animals. It seems obvious that evolution should select for larger brains. Mammals(哺乳动物)weighing sixty kilograms have an average brain size of 200 cm2. Modern man has a brain averaging 1200-1400 cm2. We are so fond of our high intelligence that we assume that when it comes to brain power, more must be better. Unfortunately, that is not the case.
The fact is that a huge brain is a huge drain—consumption of energy—on the body. I's not easy to carry around, especially when boxed inside a massive skull(倾骨). It's even harder to provides energy. In modern man, the brain accounts for about 2-3%of total body weight but it consumes 25% of the body's energy when the body is at rest. By comparison, the brains of apes(类人猿)require only 8%of rest-time energy. Early humans pad for their large brains in two ways. Firstly, they spent more time in search food. Secondly, their muscles grew smaller and weaker. It's hardly an obvious conclusion that this is a good way to survive. A chimpanzee(黑猩猩) can't win an argument with a modern man, but it can tear the man apart like a rag doll.
Another unique human characteristic is that we walk upright. Standing up, it's easier to find food or enemies. In addition, their arms that are unnecessary for moving around are freed for other purposes, like throwing stones or signaling. As a result, humans can perform very complex tasks with their hands.
Yet walking upright has its disadvantage. The bone structure of our ancestors developed for millions of years to support a creature that walked on all fours and has a relatively small head. Adjusting to an upright position was quite a challenge, especially when the bones had to support an extra-large skull. Humankind paid for its broad vision and skillful hands backaches and painful necks.
We assume that a large brain makes huge advantages. It seems obvious that these have made humankind the most powerful animal on earth. But humans enjoyed all of these advantages for a full 2 million years during which they remained weak and marginal creature. Thus humans who lived a million years ago despite their big brains and sharp stone tools, lived in constant fear of meat-eating animals.

【语篇解读】本文为记叙文。主要叙述人用大脑思考的代价。人类与动物相比有两大特点：大大的大脑和直立行走。超大的大脑使人类拥有更高的智商，但却消耗巨大的能量。直立行走让人类擅长寻找食物和抵御敌人，解放了的双手来更复杂的事。但却让人类遭受腰痛和颈部疼痛等。人类成为地球上最强大的动物，享受无与伦比的优势，却对食肉动物怀有恐惧。
71. characteristics
【解析】考查信息归纳。根据第一段“all human beings share defining characteristics ,such as large brains and the ability to walk upright on two legs.”可知，大脑袋和双腿直立行走的能力是人类共有的特点(characteristics)。故填characteristics。
72. disadvantages
【解析】考查信息归纳。72题就是对第三段内容的总结。第三段主要叙述了人类的大脑大的缺点。因此本空格填写disadvantages。
73. energy
【解析】考查信息来源。根据第三段中的“a huge brain is a huge drain--consumption of energy ”以及“It (the brain) consumes 25% of the body’s energy when the body is at rest.By comparison the brains of apes require only 8% of rest- time energy”可知，人类巨大的大脑是一个巨大的能量消耗。 当身体处于休息时，大脑要消耗25%的身体能量。相比之下，类人猿的大脑只需要8%的休息时间能量。人类与动物相比，动物需要的能量（energy）要比人类少。故填energy。
74. impact(s)
【解析】考查信息归纳题。分析空后的75--78小题所在的第五段和第六段的内容可知，此部分主要叙述了直立行走对人类的影响。故填impact(s)。
75. guard
【解析】考查信息转换。根据第五段的第一句“Another unique human characteristic is that we walk upright. Standing up, it’s easier to find food or enemies.”可知，另一个独特的人类特征是我们直立行走。站起来，更容易找到食物或敌人。找到敌人，就是为了防御敌人。因为or为连词，在此句中连结两个动词短语，故空格填动词。“guard against...”为固定搭配，意为“防御......”，故本空填写guard。
76. other考查信息来源。根据第五段中的”...their arms that are unnecessary for moving  around are freed for other purposes ,like throwing stones or signaling. As a result, humans can perform very complex tasks with their hands. ”可知，解放了的双手可以用于做其它的事，即有其它的目的。故填other。
77. limits
【解析】考查信息归纳。根据第五段“walking upright has disadvantages. The bone structure of our ancestors developed for millions of years to support a creature that walked on four and a relative small head. Adjusting to an upright position was quite a challenge , especially when the bones had to support an extra -large skull.” 可知，直立行走也有缺点。我们祖先进化了上百亿年，⻣骼也只能支撑四肢行走和有一个相对较小的头。直立行走对人类的骨架是一个相当大的挑战，限制了人的头脑的大小。故本空填limits。
78. physical
【解析】考查信息转换。根据第六段“..., Humankind paid for its vision and skillful hands with backaches and painful necks.” 可知，直立对人类的骨架是一个相当大的挑战，人类为自己的视力和灵巧的双手付出了代价，换来的是腰酸背痛和脖子疼痛。由此得出，直立导致身体方面的(physical)痛苦，故填physical。
79. beat
【解析】根据最后一段“We assume that a large brain makes huge advantages. It seems obvious that these have made humankind the most powerful animal  on earth.”可知，我们假设大脑越大，优势越大。很明显，这些使得人类成为地球上最强大的动物。由此可推断出我们的大脑比动物大，在智力方面人类比动物更聪明，即在智力方面击败了(beat)其他动物。故本空填beat。
80. fearful/afraid
【解析】根据最后一段“...humans enjoyed all of these advantages for a full 2 million years during which they weak and marginal creatures. Thus humans who lived a million years ago, despite their big brains and sharp stone tools, lived in constant fear of meat--eating animals.”可知，尽管人类享受着所有这些优势，但也是弱小的生物。因此尽管拥有巨大的大脑和锋利的石器，但也曾经对食肉动物仍旧害怕/恐惧。因为空前是系动词，故本空要填形容词(afraid/fearful)可知，此处要填名词，故填fearful/afraid。

二、2018年高考真题
1.【2018·全国卷I】
根据短文内容，从短文后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项。选项中有两项为多余选项。
Color is fundamental in home design — something you’ll always have in every room. A grasp of how to manage color in your spaces is one of the first steps to creating rooms you’ll love to live in. Do you want a room that’s full of life? Professional? Or are you just looking for a place to relax after a long day?____36____, color is the key to making a room feel the way you want it to feel.
Over the years, there have been a number of different techniques to help designers approach this important point.____37____, they can get a little complex .But good news is that there’re really only three kinds of decisions you need to make about color in your home: the small ones, the medium ones, and the large ones.
____38____. They’re the little spots of color like throw pillows ,mirrors and baskets that most of us use to add visual interest to our rooms .Less tiring than painting your walls and less expensive than buying a colorful sofa ,small color choices bring with them the significant benefit of being easily changeable .
Medium color choices are generally furniture pieces such as sofas, dinner tables or bookshelves ____39____. They require a bigger commitment than smaller ones, and they have a more powerful effect on the feeling of a space.
The large color decisions in your rooms concern the walls, ceilings, and floors .Whether you’re looking at wallpaper or paint, the time, effort and relative expense put into it are significant.____40____.
A. While all of them are useful
B. Whatever you’re looking for
C. If you’re experimenting with a color
D. Small color choices are the ones we’re most familiar with
E. It’s not really a good idea to use too many small color pieces
F. So it pays to be sure, because you want to get it right the first time
G. Color choices in this range are a step up from the small ones in two major ways
【文章大意】本文是一篇说明文。文章讲述了室内设计中颜色的选择问题。
36.B  【解析】36题以逗号结尾，后面另起一个简单句，可以从句子结构排除D、E、F、G项。根据前文的三个问句可知，此处是从中选择一种。故选B（不管你寻找哪一种）	。
37.A  【解析】前文：在过去的许多年里，有许多技术帮助设计者实现这一要点；下文：它们有点复杂。所以A（然而他们都很有用）承上启下。符合题意。
38.D  【解析】本空是一个主题句，总说选择小颜色是我们很熟悉的方法。后文分说小颜色的具体用途。故选D。
39.G  【解析】根据前文“中型颜色选择通常是指一些例如沙发，餐桌或者书架等家具的颜色选择”接着表明这种范围的颜色选择是对小型颜色选择在两种方式上的进一步提示，故选G。
40. F  【解析】前文the time, effort and relative expense put into it are significant你所付诸的时间、精力和相关的费用是巨大的。后文F那肯定是值得的，因为你想第一次把它弄好。故选F。
2.【2018·全国卷II】
根据短文内容，从短文后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项。选项中有两项为多余选项。
If you are already making the time to exercise, it is good indeed! With such busy lives, it can be hard to try and find the time to work out. ___36___ Working out in the morning provides additional benefits beyond being physically fit.
Your productivity is improved. Exercising makes you more awake and ready to handle whatever is ahead of you for the day.___37___
Your metabolism(新陈代谢) gets a head start. ___38___ If you work out in the mornings, then you will be getting the calorie(卡路里)burning benefits for the whole day, not in your sleep.
___39___ Studies found that people who woke up early for exercise slept better than those who exercised in the evening. Exercise energizes you, so it is more difficult to relax and have a peaceful sleep when you are very excited.
___40___ If you work out bright and early in the morning, you will be more likely to stick to healthy food choices throughout the day. Who would want to ruin their good workout by eating junk food? You will want to continue to focus on positive choices.
There are a lot of benefits to working out, especially in the mornings. Set your alarm clock an hour early and push yourself to work out! You will feel energized all day long.
A. You will stick to your diet.
B. Your quality of sleep improves.
C. You prefer healthy food to fast food.
D. There is no reason you should exercise in the morning.
E. You can keep your head clear for 4-10 hours after exercise.
F. After you exercise, you continue to burn calories throughout the day.
G. If you are planning to do exercise regularly, or you’re doing it now, then listen up!
【文章大意】这是一篇说明文。列举了早晨锻炼对人体的四条好处，号召人们早点起床，进行身体锻炼。
36.G  【解析】根据空前的内容“生活忙碌没有时间锻炼”和空后的内容“晨练除了身体健康之外，还能带来其他好处”，下文接着列举了晨练的其他好处。由此可知，此处缺一个承上启下句。G项中then listen up!（那么请仔细听!）很好的起到了承上启下的作用。故选G。
37.E 【解析】根据上一句Exercising makes you more awake（锻炼能让你更清醒），E项（你可以在运动后保持头脑清醒4-10个小时。）是对上一句的进一步解释。故选E。
38.F 【解析】空前句子是本段的主题句，晨练是新陈代谢的开始，空后句子说如果晨练，则你会得到卡路里一整天都在燃烧的益处，F项（锻炼之后，你一整天都在燃烧卡路里。）是空后句子的根据，空后句子是对F项的进一步延伸。故选F。
39.B 【解析】此处缺一个主题句。空后句子解释了早起锻炼的人比晚上锻炼的人睡得更好。B项（你的睡眠质量提高了。）是对后面内容的总述。故选B。
40.A 【解析】根据空后句子“If you work out bright and early in the morning, you will be more likely to stick to healthy food choices throughout the day.（如果你在早晨锻炼身体，你将更有可能坚持健康的食物选择。）”，A项(你将坚持你的饮食。)符合本段内容，是主题句，起到统领下文的作用。故选A。

3.【2018·全国III】
根据短文内容，从短文后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项。选项中有两项为多余选项。
Before there was the written word, there was the language of dance. Dance expresses love and hate, joy and sorrow ,life and death, and everything else in between.
___36___We dance from Florida to Alaska, from north to south and sea to sea. We dance at weddings, birthdays , office parties and just to fill the time.
“I adore dancing,” says Lester Bridges, the owner of a dance studio in Iowa. “I can't imagine doing anything else with my life." Bridges  runs dance classes for all ages. "Teaching dance is wonderful. ____37____It's great to watch them. For many of them, it's a way of meeting people and having a social life."
___38___"I can tell you about one young couple," says Bridges. “They're learning to do traditional dances. They arrive at the class in low spirits and they leave with a smile. _____39_____”
So, do we dance in order to make ourselves feel better, calmer, healthier? Andrea Hillier says,“Dance, like the pattern of a beating heart, is life. Even after all these years, I want to get better and better.____40____ I find it hard to stop! Dancing reminds me I'm alive."
A. So why do we dance?
B. Dance in the U.S.is everywhere.
C. If you like dancing outdoors, come to America.
D. My older students say it makes them feel young.
E. I keep practicing even When I'm extremely tired.
F. Dancing seems to change their feeling completely.
G. They stayed up all night long singing and dancing.
【文章大意】本文为说明文。文章主要介绍了跳舞的好处。
36.B  【解析】根据空后的内容We dance from Florida to Alaska, from north to south and sea to sea. We dance at weddings, birthdays , office parties and just to fill the time.可知，这里是说遭美国都有人跳舞
从弗罗里达到阿拉斯加，从北到南等，因此B项符合题意。
37.D  【解析】根据前文舞蹈课为各个年龄阶段的人架起了桥梁，教跳舞是非常好的，再根据后句it’s great to watch them，根据人称可知是在谈论他们，所以D和F符合，再根据本段最后一句可知，此段主要介绍了跳舞对他们的好处，故选D。
38.A  【解析】根据第四段后句，是通过举例介绍人们跳舞的原因，故选A。
39.F   【解析】根据前句they arrive at the class in low spirits and they leave with a smile, 所以他们的心情彻底改变，故选F。
40.E  【解析】根据文章前后句可知，此处人称为第一人称，所以E符合语境，作者结合自己的跳舞经历介绍了跳舞给自己带来的好处。
3.【2018·浙江卷】
根据短文内容，从短文后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项。选项中有两项为多余选项。
Moving into a new home in a new neighborhood is an exciting experience. Of course, you want to make sure that you become an acceptable and valuable part of your neighborhood  . the easiest way to accomplish this is to make sure you conduct yourself as a good neighbor should. _____31_____
Perhaps one of the most important things you can do as a good neighbor is to keep your property(房产) neat, clean, and in good repair. ____32____ By choosing to keep the outside of the home in great shape, you will help to improve the look and feel of the area.
Second, take the overall appearance of the neighborhood seriously,. When going for a walk. Take a small garbage bag. _____33_____ This small act will let your neighbors know that you care about the area.
______34______ If a neighbor is going to be out of town, offer to collect mail and newspapers. If a neighbor suffers an illness, offer to do the grocery shopping . Let them know you are there to help in any way this acceptable, while still respecting the privacy of your neighbor.
______35______ By following the basic rules of respecting others, taking care of what belongs to you, and taking pride in the appearance of the neighborhood in general, you will quickly become a good neighbor that everyone appreciate.
A. In general, keep an eye on their property while they are gone.
B.A good neighbor is also one who likes to help out in small ways.
C. Being a good neighbor is more or less about considerate behavior.
D. Sometimes neighbors may go to the supermarket together to do shopping.
E. Should you come across waste paper thrown out of a passing car, pick it up.
F. People tend to lake pride in keeping everything in their street fresh and inviting.
G. Here are a few tips to help you win over everyone in the neighborhood quickly
【文章大意】怎样成为一个邻居都喜欢的人，作者给了几点建议。
31.G
【解析】考查对上下文的理解和推理判断能力。本段讲如果你想成为邻居中一个可以接受和有价值的部分，最简单的方法就是确保你的行为举止像一个好邻居。下文是具体做法，G项：这里有一些技巧，可以帮助你迅速赢得邻居的信赖。承上启下，故选G。
32.F
【解析】考查对上下文的理解和推理判断能力。本段介绍和邻居关系融洽最重要的是保持干净整洁的户内户外环境，F项中keeping everything in their street fresh and inviting. 保持街上的一切新鲜和诱人，与本段意思一致，故选F。
33.E
【解析】考查对上下文的理解和推理判断能力。本段主要建议要重视社区的整体面貌，出门拿上一个垃圾袋，E项：遇到从路过的汽车里扔出的废纸，把它捡起来。与上句连接，是拿垃圾袋的作用。故选E。
34.B
【解析】考查对上下文的理解和推理判断能力。本段是建议用邻居可以接受的方式帮助他们，同时尊重邻居的隐私。B项：好邻居就是喜欢在小的方面帮助别人的人，符合本段内容，故选B。
35.C
【解析】考查对上下文的理解和推理判断能力。最后一段是总结，只要我们考虑周到，尊重他人，照顾好属于自己的东西，为周围的人感到自豪，很快就会成为一个大家都喜欢的好邻居。C项中considerate behavior是下文内容的概括，故选C。
5.【2018·北京卷】
根据短文内容，从短文后的七个选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项。选项中有两项为多余选项。
Why Do We Get Angry?
 Anger seems simple when we are feeling it, but the causes of anger are various. Knowing these causes can make us examine our behavior, and correct bad habits. The main reasons we get angry are triggering（触发）events, personality traits（特征）, and our assessment of situations.     51
Triggering events for anger are so many that to describe them all would take hundreds of pages. However, here are some examples: being cut off in traffic, a deadline approaching, experiencing physical pain, and much more. ____52____ The reason why someone is triggered by something and others are not is often due to one’s personal history and psychological traits.
Each person, no matter who they are, has psychological imbalances. People who have personality traits that connect with competitiveness and low upset tolerance are much more likely to get angry.    53    Also, sometimes pre-anger does not have to do with a lasting condition, but rather a temporary state before a triggering event has occurred.
    54    Sometimes even routine occurrences become sources of pre-anger, or anger itself. Sometimes ignorance and negative (消极的) outlooks on situations can create anger.
    55    However, anger can easily turn violent, and it is best to know the reasons for anger to appear in order to prevent its presence. With these main reasons in mind, we can evaluate our level of anger throughout the day and prevent cases of outbursts by comprehending the reasons for our feelings.
A. Our attitude and viewpoint on situations can create anger within us as well.
B. But some types of situations can help us to get rid of the occurrence of anger.
C. Anger is rarely looked upon as a beneficial character trait, and is usually advised to reduce it.
D. Anger is a particularly strong feeling and maybe people think that they have reasons to feel angry.
E. Having these personality traits implies the pre-anger state, where anger is in the background of your mind.
F. Understanding these reasons will control our own anger if we are willing to evaluate ourselves with a critical eye.
G. Not everyone acts the same in response to events, and that is why what triggers one person may or may not trigger another.
【语篇解读】这是一篇说明文。文章分析了导致人们生气的三个原因并指出如何防止愤怒爆发。
51.F 【解析】考查上下文理解和逻辑推理能力。上一句提到导致人们生气的三个主要原因： triggering（触发）events，personality traits（特征），our assessment of situations，下面的几段具体分析了这三个原因与生气的关系。故该句应该起承上启下的作用，故F选项（如果我们愿意用批判性的目光来评估自己的话，那么了解这些原因将会控制我们的愤怒。）承上启下，故选F。
52.G 【解析】考查上下文理解和逻辑推理能力。该空前面两句提到引发愤怒的事件很多，例如：堵车，截止日期临近，身体疼痛等。下一句提到：某件事会激发一个人的怒气，但其他人却不会为此而生气的原因是由于个人的历史和心理特征。该空承上启下，应当提到某件事会使某些人生气，但不会使别人生气这个现象，故G选项（人们对这些事情的反应不一样，这就导致使一个人生气的事情可能会让另一个人生气，也可能不会让另一个人生气。）承上启下，故选G。
53.E 【解析】考查上下文理解和逻辑推理能力。上一句提到：每个人都有自己的心里不平衡的地方。那些比较好强，气量比较小的人更容易生气。下一句提到：而且，有时候，pre-anger并不一定是一种持久的状态，而是一种触发事件发生前的暂时状态。该空承上启下，既要提到上一句中的那些性格特征，又要提到下一句中的pre-anger，故Having these personality traits implies the pre-anger state, where anger is in the background of your mind. （拥有这些个性特征意味着愤怒之前的状态，愤怒就在你的大脑背景中。）承上启下，故选E。
54.A 【解析】考查上下文理解和逻辑推理能力。下一句提到：有时候，甚至常规性的事件也会变成pre-anger或恼怒的来源。有时候对这些情况的无知和负面观点会产生愤怒。该空位于段首，引出下文，故A选项（我们的对情况的态度和看法也会在我们内心产生愤怒。）是本段的主题句，概括全段内容，故选A。
55.D 【解析】考查上下文理解和逻辑推理能力。下一句提到：但是生气很容易转变为暴力，所以最好了解一下愤怒的原因来阻止它的存在。该句和上一句之间是转折关系，结合剩余选项可知，D选项（愤怒是一种特别强烈的感情，或许人们认为他们有理由生气。）和下文构成转折关系，故选D。
6.【2018·天津卷】
阅读表达
阅读短文，并按照题目要求用英语回答问题。
Some people live to climb the highest mountains. Some people live only dreaming about it while others live to avoid ever climbing at all. But one thing is certain, all people encounter mountains in their life.
When I was a little girl, my family moved to a tiny town at the bottom of a big mountain. One day after school, while exploring the green woods of this magnificent mountain, I almost fell on a set of stairs. What could these steps lead to? Curiosity got the best of me as I knew it would be starting to get dark soon. I started climbing up those strangely mysterious steps.
I climbed and climbed. There was nothing but just green bushes and these steps. I had to reach the top! But it was now getting real dark. If I kept going I might not be able to see my way back. My mum would be worried sick if I didn’t come home soon. So I ran back home almost in the dark while trying not to get too scared.
Anxiously I went to bed dreaming about what I would find at the top of this magical mountain. Could there be a castle up there? Maybe I would find a monster(怪物). Maybe I was taking the risk of never coming back home. Or, maybe all I would find was absolutely nothing! But something inside me was going to climb that mountain at all cost. I could hardly wait to try this adventure again.
Now we live in a world surrounded by the "can’t do" attitudes. We all fall down. We all have doubts and regrets. Still we must climb and dream about what’s at the top of our mountain. Monsters may appear or the night will fall. But never ever give up on your dream! Never let anyone tell you, "You can’t." Dream big and climb high!
56. What made the author start to climb up the stairs to the mountain top? (no more than 5 words)
57. Why did the author hurry back home without reaching the top of the mountain? Give two reasons. (no more than 15 words)
58. How would you describe the author in terms of personalities according to Paragraph 4? (no more than 10 words)
59. How do you understand the underlined sentence in the last paragraph? (no more than 5 words)
60. What’s your attitude towards the "mountain" in your life? Please explain. (no more than 20 words)
【答案】56. Curiosity made her do so.
Or:The desire to explore.
57. Because it was getting dark，and she didn’t want her mother to worry about her.
Or:Because she was seared，and might not be able to find her/the way back home.
58. She had rich imagination and she was brave.
Or:She was a brave and determined girl with rich imagination.
Or:She was imaginative and determined，and she dared to explore.
Or:She was imaginative，adventurous and determined.
59. We all sometimes fail.
Or:We face failure/defeat/hardships/challenges in life.
Or:There are difficulties/barriers/obstacles in life.
Or:We run into trouble sometimes.
Or:We have trouble in life.
60. I will try to reach my goal because I want to live an exciting life.
Or:I will try to reach/get to the top of the“mountain”because I want to be successful in life.
【解析】本文是一篇夹叙夹议短文阅读。作者通过小时候爬山的经历告诉我们：我们每个人在人生中都会遇到很多座山，但我们要勇于梦想，攀登高峰。
56. 细节归纳题。根据文章第二段What could these steps lead to? Curiosity got the best of me as I knew it would be starting to get dark soon. I started climbing up those strangely mysterious steps.可知，好奇心驱使作者探索这些台阶通往什么，从而可以归纳出答案，注意字数的限制。
57. 细节归纳题。根据文章第三段But it was now getting real dark. If I kept going I might not be able to see my way back. My mom would be worried sick if I didn’t come home soon. So I ran back home almost in the dark while trying not to get too scared.可知，作者没有到达山顶而急于回家的原因一共有4个，考生只需要归纳2个原因，注意字数的限制。
58. 细节归纳题。根据文章第四段作者梦见城堡或怪物，可知作者非常具有想象力；根据But something inside me was going to climb that mountain at all cost. I could hardly wait to try this adventure again.可知，作者内心的某些东西会不惜一切代价爬上那座山并迫不及待地想再次冒险，可知作者具有冒险精神并且有决心。根据这些归纳出答案，注意字数的限制。
59. 句意理解题。根据全文我们可以推断出We all fall down.指的是“我们生活中遇到的障碍/困难/失败/挑战等”。由此可以归纳出答案，注意字数的限制。
60. 开放题。首先要理解题干中的mountain指的是“障碍或失败”，并且要陈述自己的理由，注意字数的限制。
点睛：本文是一篇夹叙夹议短文阅读。整体文章易懂，但题目设置灵活，总体难度中等。考生不但要从文章中找出答案，还要根据问题的设置归纳出相应的答案。书写答案的时候，考生要注意语法结构的正确以及字数的限制。
7.【2018·江苏卷】
任务型阅读
请认真阅读下面短文，并根据所读内容在文章后表格中的空格里填入一个最恰当的单词。
注意：请将答案写在答题卡上相应题号的横线上。每个空格只填一个单词。
How Arts Promote Our Economy
When most people think of the arts, they imagine the end product, the beautiful painting, a wonderful piece of music, or an award-winning performance in the theater. But arts groups bring broader value to our communities. The economic impact of the arts is often overlooked and badly judged.
The arts create jobs that help develop the economy. Any given performance takes a tour bus full of artists, technical experts, managers, musicians, or writers to create an appealing piece of art. These people earn a living wage for their professional knowledge and skills.
Another group of folks is needed to help market the event. “If you build it they will come” is a misleading belief. Painters, digital media experts, photographers, booking agents and promoters are hired to sell tickets and promote the event. According to the Dallas Area Cultural Advocacy Coalition, arts agencies employ more than 10,000 people as full-or part-time employees or independent contractors.
A successful arts neighborhood creates a ripple effect（连锁反应）throughout a community. In 2005, when the Bishop Arts Theatre was donated to our town, the location was considered a poor area of town. After investing more than $1 million in reconstructing the building, we began producing a full season of theater performances, jazz concerts, and year-round arts education programs in 2008. Nearly 40 percent of jazz lovers live outside of the Dallas city limits and drive or fly in to enjoy an evening in the Bishop Arts District.
No doubt the theater has contributed to the area’s development and economic growth. Today, there are galleries, studios, restaurants and newly built work spaces where neighbors share experiences, where there is renewed life and energy. In this way, arts and culture also serve as a public good.
TeCo Theatrical Productions Inc. made use of Bloomberg’s investment of $35,000 to get nearly $400,000 in public and private sector support during the two-year period. Further, Dallas arts and arts-based businesses produce $298 for every dollar the city spends on arts programming and facilities. In Philadelphia, a metro area smaller than Dallas, the arts have an economic impact of almost $3 million and support 44,000 jobs, 80 percent of which actually lie outside the arts industry, including accountants, marketers, construction workers, hotel managers, printers, and other kinds of art workers.
The arts are efficient economic drivers and when they are supported, the entire small-business community benefits.
It is wrong to assume arts groups cannot make a profit. But in order to stay in business, arts groups must produce returns. If you are a student studying the arts, chances are you have been ill-advised to have a plan B. But those who truly understand the economic impact and can work to change the patterns can create a wide range of career possibilities.


【话题解读】这是一篇说明文。文章主要讲述艺术是如何促进我们的经济发展的。
71.benefit   同义转化题。根据文章第一段But arts groups bring broader value to our communities.(艺术团体给我们的社区带来了更大的价值。)，所填词的主语为Our communities，故应为我们的社区从艺术中收益，所以用短语benefit from从……受益。故填benefit。
72.Ways 归纳题。分析右边表格各小点的内容可知，这里应该为艺术提升我们经济的方法，所以用way，注意首字母大写及复数形式。故填Ways。
73.joint/collective  归纳题。根据文章第二段Any given performance takes a tour bus full of artists, technical experts, managers, musicians, or writers to create an appealing piece of art.可以归纳出，艺术活动需要集体共同努力。故填joint/collective。
74.Promotion/marketing 词性转化题。根据文章第三段Painters, digital media experts, photographers, booking agents and promoters are hired to sell tickets and promote the event.中的动词promote转化为名词promotion，也可以用同义名词marketing。故填promotion/marketing。
75. Effect原词再现题。根据文章第四段A successful arts neighborhoods creates a ripple effect（连锁反应）throughout a community.中的原词effect可以得出答案。故填effect。
76.fares  归纳题。根据文章第四段Nearly 40 percent of jazz lovers live outside of the Dallas city limits and drive or fly in to enjoy an evening in the Bishop Arts District.可以归纳出，爵士爱好者除了买票之外，还需要付来去交通费、住宿费等费用。故填fares。
77.Positive归纳题。根据文章倒数第三段the arts have an economic impact of almost $3 million and support 44,000 jobs, 80 percent of which actually lie outside the arts industry, including accountants, marketers, construction workers, hotel managers, printers, and other kinds of art workers.可知，艺术品投资可以产生潜在的积极经济效果。故填positive。
78.outside/beyond  原词再现题。根据文章倒数第三段the arts have an economic impact of almost $3 million and support 44,000 jobs, 80 percent of which actually lie outside the arts industry, including accountants, marketers, construction workers, hotel managers, printers, and other kinds of art workers.中的outside可以得出答案，也可以用其同义词beyond。故填outside/beyond。
79. statistics/data/analyses归纳题。这里是对文章的总结，艺术生应该考虑到上文这些统计数据或分析，故无需担心他们的职业。故填statistics/data/analyses。
80. Alternative同义转化题。根据文章最后一段But those who truly understand the economic impact and can work to change the patterns can create a wide range of career possibilities.中的change the patterns转化为同义词alternative。故填alternative。

三、2017年高考真题
1. 【2017·全国卷I】
If anyone had told me three years ago that I would be spending most of my weekends camping, I would have laughed heartily. Campers, in my eyes, were people who enjoyed insect bites, ill-cooked meals, and uncomfortable sleeping bags. They had nothing in common with me.    36
The friends who introduced me to camping thought that it meant to be a pioneer.    37    We slept in a tent, cooked over an open fire, and walked a long distance to take the shower and use the bathroom. This brief visit with Mother Nature cost me two days off from work, recovering from a bad case of sunburn and the doctor’s bill for my son’s food poisoning.
I was, nevertheless, talked into going on another fun-filled holiday in the wilderness.    38    Instead, we had a pop-up camper with comfortable beds and an air conditioner. My nature-loving friends had remembered to bring all the necessities of life.
   39    We have done a lot of it since. Recently, we bought a twenty-eight-foot travel trailer complete with a bathroom and a built-in TV set. There is a separate bedroom, a modern kitchen with a refrigerator. The trailer even has matching carpet and curtains.
   40    It must be true that sooner or later, everyone finds his or her way back to nature. I recommend that you find your way in style.
A. This time there was no tent.
B. Things are going to be improved.
C. The trip they took me on was a rough one.
D. I was to learn a lot about camping since then, however.
E. I must say that I have certainly come to enjoy camping.
F. After the trip, my family became quite interested in camping.
G. There was no shade as the trees were no more than 3 feet tall.
【文章大意】三年前，作者对露营一无所知，也不认为自己会喜欢露营。然而后来有过几次露营的经历，作者和他的家人开始爱上了露营，甚至为露营购买了设备齐全的房车。作者认为露营是回归大自然的一个方式，也建议读者找到适合自己的回归自然的方式。
36. D  根据前文可知三年前作者认为露营和自己无关，而后文中表明作者热爱露营，暗示此处作者对待露营的情感态度应该出现转变。D选项中的however表示转折。且If anyone had told me three years ago that I would be spending most of my weekends camping暗示作者态度的转变就在三年前，D选项中的since then＂自从那时候起＂和前文时间吻合。故选D。
37. C  根据后文We slept in a tent, cooked over an open fire, and walked a long distance to take the shower and use the bathroom可知作者第一次露营的条件很艰苦，C选项The trip they took me on was a rough one.中的rough暗示了这一点，符合语境。故选C。
38. A  根据前文We slept in a tent, cooked over an open fire, and walked a long distance to take the shower and use the bathroom可知作者第一次露营时住帐篷，露天生火做饭，走很远的距离去洗澡、上厕所，条件很艰苦，而后文中Instead, we had a pop-up camper with comfortable beds and an air conditioner. 说明作者第二次露营有床有空调。A选项This time there was no tent＂这次没有帐篷了＂暗示作者进行了第二次露营，而且条件比较好，符合语境。故选A。
39. F  根据后文we bought a twenty-eight-foot travel trailer complete with a bathroom and a built-in TV set. There is a separate bedroom, a modern kitchen with a refrigerator. The trailer even has matching carpet and curtains.可知作者一家为了露营买了房车，里面设备齐全，说明作者一家人是喜欢露营的。F选项After the trip, my family became quite interested in camping(那次露营之后，我的家人开始对露营感兴趣)符合语境，故选F。
40. E  根据后文It must be true that sooner or later, everyone finds his or her way back to nature. I recommend that you find your way in style.可知作者希望每个人能找到适合自己的回归自然的方法，而根据前文可知作者回归自然的方式就是露营。E选项I must say that I have certainly come to enjoy camping.(我必须得承认我真的开始享受露营)既是对文章第一段中作者态度转变的一个总结，也很好地衔接了后文。故选E。
2. （2017·全国卷Ⅱ）
根据短文内容，从短文后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项。选项中有两项为多余选项。
Interruptions are one of the worst things to deal with while you’re trying to get work done. 　36　, there are several ways to handle things. Let’s take a look at them now.
　	    37   . Tell the person you’re sorry and explain that you have a million things to do and then ask if the two of you can talk at a different time.
	When people try to interrupt you, have set hours planned and let them know to come back during that time or that you’ll find them then.    38    . It can help to eliminate(消除)future interruptions.
	When you need to talk to someone, don’t do it in your own office.    39    , it’s much easier to excuse yourself to get back to your work than if you try to get someone out of your space even after explaining how busy you are.
	If you have a door to your office, make good use of it.     40   . If someone knocks and it’s not an important matter, excuse yourself and let the person know you’re busy so they can get the hint(暗示)that when the door is closed, you’re not to be disturbed.
A. If you’re busy, don’t feel bad about saying no
B. When you want to avoid interruptions at work
C. Set boundaries for yourself as far as your time goes
D. If you’re in the other person’s office or in a public area
E. It’s important that you let them know when you’ll be available
F. It might seem unkind to cut people short when they interrupt you
G. Leave it open when you’re available to talk and close it when you’re not
	【语篇解读】本文是一篇说明文,介绍了避免工作时被打断的几种方法。
36.B【解析】考查承启句。 根据上文的"Interruptions are one of the worst things to deal with"以及下文的"there 	are several ways to handle things"可知，工作时被打断是要处理的最糟糕的事情之一，有几个处理事情的
办法。空处承上启下，应选B项。
37.A【解析】考查主题句。 根据下文的"Tell the person you’re sorry...ask if the two of you can talk at a different 	time"可知，本段讲述的是当你忙的时候,要拒绝别人打断你。故A项符合文意。主题句是对下文内容的
总结，所以要认真阅读下文的内容并准确得出主题句，切忌以偏概全,以点代面。
38.E 【解析】考查承启句。 根据上文的"let them know to come back during that time or that you’ll find them
then"及下文的"It can help to…"可知，此处指让他们知道你什么时候有空是很重要的。故选E项。
39.D【解析】考查承启句。 根据上文的"don’t do it in your own office"以及下文的"excuse yourself to get back 	 to your work"可知，你如果不在自己的办公室里，就更容易给自己找到借口返回来工作。故选D项。
40.G【解析】考查承启句。 根据本段的首句"If you have a door to your office, make good use of it"以及下文的	"when the door is closed"可知，G项符合文意。
 3.（2017·全国卷Ⅲ）
根据短文内容，从短文后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项。选项中有两项为多余选项。
Lots of people find it hard to get up in the morning, and put the blame on the alarm clock. In fact, the key to easy morning wake-up lies in resting your body clock.    36     Here’s how to make one.
●    37     In order to make a change, you need to decide why it’s important. Do you want to get up in time to have breakfast with your family, get in some exercise, or just be better prepared for your day? Once you are clear about your reasons, tell your family or roommates about the change you want to make.
● Rethink mornings. Now that you know why you want to wake up, consider re-arranging your morning activities. If you want time to have breakfast with your family, save some time the night before by setting out clothes, shoes, and bags.   38   That’s a quarter-hour more you could be sleeping if you bought a coffee maker with a timer.
● Keep your sleep/wake schedule on weekends. If you’re tired out by Friday night, sleeping in on Saturday could sound wonderful. But compensating on the weekends actually feeds into your sleepiness the following week, a recent study found.   39
● Keep a record and evaluate it weekly. Keep track of your efforts and write down how you feel. After you’ve tried a new method for a week, take a look at your record.   40   If not, take another look at other methods you could try.
A. Get a sleep specialist.
B. Find the right motivation.
C. A better plan for sleep can help.
D. And consider setting a second alarm.
E. If the steps you take are working, keep it up.
F. Stick to your set bedtime and wake-up time, no matter the day.
G. Reconsider the 15 minutes you spend in line at the cafe to get coffee.
【文章大意】本文是一篇说明文，主要介绍了如何帮助人们制订一个计划去调节生物钟，确保起床不再是一件令人头疼的事。
36. C  根据空前及空后的关键词one可以判断出，空处应为解决方法，再结合所给选项可知只有C选项符合语境。
37.B   本段内容是建议人们要先确定为什么要早起，弄清早起的目的是什么，也就是早起的动机是什么，因此B项可以概括本段的中心。
38.G   根据下句内容可知，作者建议人们买一个可以定时的咖啡机，这样可以节约15分钟的喝咖啡时间，能够多睡15分钟，文中的a quarter-hour和选项中的15 minutes相呼应，是信息提示词。故选G。
39.F   根据段落的中心句可知，本段是建议人们在周末也要坚持自己的作息时间，由此推断出Stick to your set bedtime and wake-up time, no matter the day符合语境。故选F。
40.E   后句建议人们如果这样做没作用就尝试新办法，由此推断出该空与If not对应，即如果有效果的话如何去做。故选E。
4.（2017·北京卷）
根据短文内容，从短文后的七个选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项。选项中有两项为多余选项。
  Every animal sleeps, but the reason for this has remained foggy. When lab rats are not allowed to sleep, they die within a month.    71
    One idea is that sleep helps us strengthen new memories.    72    We  know that, while awake, fresh memories are recorded by reinforcing(加强) connections between brain cells, but the memory processes that take place while we sleep have been unclear.
    Support is growing for a theory that sleep evolved so that connections between neurons(神经元) in the brain can be weakened overnight, making room for fresh memories to form the next day.       73
Now we have the most direct evidence yet that he is right.   74    The synapses in the mice taken at the end of a period of sleep were 18 per cent smaller than those taken before sleep, showing that the connections between neurons weaken while sleeping.
If Tononi’s theory is right, it would explain why, when we miss a night’s, we find it harder the next day to concentrate and learn new information — our brains may have smaller room for new experiences.
Their research also suggests how we may build lasting memories over time even though the synapses become thinner. The team discovered that some synapses seem to be protected and stayed the same size.   75   ＂You keep what matters,＂ Tononi says.
A. We should also try to sleep well the night before.
B. It’s as if the brain is preserving its most important memories.
C. Similarly, when people go for a few days without sleeping, they get sick.
D. The processes take place to stop our brains becoming loaded with memories.
E. That’s why students do better in tests if they get a chance to sleep after learning.
F. ＂Sleep is the price we pay for learning,＂says Giulio Tononi, who developed the idea.
G. Tononi’s team measured the size of these connections, or synapses, in the brains of 12 mice.

【语篇解读】试题分析：本文讲述了睡眠的重要性。
71.C 【解析】根据前一句When lab rats are not allowed to sleep, they die within a month.老鼠如果不睡觉，一个月它们就死了，同样，人几天不睡觉，也会生病，人和动物匹配，死和生病形成对比，故选C。
72.E 【解析】根据前一句提到的睡觉有助于帮助我们加强新的记忆，所以学生在学习新知识后有机会睡一觉，他们在考试中就会表现得更好，前后逻辑关系很顺畅，因果联系，故选E。
73.F 【解析】根据下文中的he，可知此处要提到一个人，以及他的理论故选F。
74.G 【解析】根据下文中提到的关键词synapses in the mice可知，他肯定做了老鼠的实验，答案为G。
75.B 【解析】根据后一句提到的You keep what matters你记住重要的东西，可知大脑会把最重要的记忆保存下来，故选B。
5.（2017·浙江卷6月考）
根据短文内容，从短文后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项。选项中有两项为多余选项。
How to Do Man-on-the-Street Interviews
The man-on-the-street interview is an interview in which a reporter hits the streets with a cameraman to interview people on the spot.      31      But with these tips, your first man-on-the-street interview experience can be easy.
●When your boss or professor sends you out to do man-on-the-street interviews for a story, think about the topic and develop a list of about ten general questions relating to it. For example, if your topic is about environmental problems in America, you might ask, ＂Why do you think environmental protection is important in America?＂      32
●Hit the streets with confidence.      33      Say, ＂Excuse me, I work for XYZ News, and I was wondering if you could share your opinion about this topic.＂ This is a quick way to get people to warm up to you.
●Move on to the next person if someone tells you she is not interested in talking on camera. Don’t get discouraged.
●     34      Each interview that you get on the street shouldn’t be longer than ten minutes. As soon as you get the answer you need, move on to the next person. Make sure that as you go from interview to interview, you are getting a variety of answers. If everyone is giving you the same answer, you won’t be able to use it. A safe number of interviews to conduct is about six to ten.      35
●If your news station or school requires interviewees to sign release forms to appear on the air, don’t leave work without them.
A. Limit your time.
B. As you approach people, be polite.
C. If you don’t own a camera, you can buy one.
D. For new reporters, this can seem like a challenging task.
E. To get good and useful results, ask them the same question.
F. That number of interviews should give you all the answers you need.
G. With a question like this, you will get more than a ＂Yes＂ or ＂No＂ reply.
【解析】
试题分析：本文主要讲了进行街道随机采访的若干技巧。
31. D 【解析】根据空格后一句中的＂your first man-on-street interview experience can be easy＂可知这是对于记者新人所提出的建议，而选项D中的＂new reporters＂正好与其相承接，故选D。
32. G 【解析】空格前一句是个远非yes或no就可以回答的提问, 而选项G中＂With a question like this…＂正好与其相承接，故选G。
33. B 【解析】根据空格后一句所说的很有礼貌的提问，可知这里的建议应该是提问时要注意礼貌，而选项B中的polite正好与其相呼应，故选B。
34. A 【解析】根据空格后一句＂Each interview that you get on the street shouldn’t be longer than ten minutes.＂可知这一段的建议是要限制采访的时间，故选A。
35. F 【解析】空格前一句是＂A safe number of interviews to conduct is about six to ten＂, 而选项F中＂That number of interviews…＂正好与其相呼应，故选F。
6.（2017·天津卷）
阅读表达
阅读短文，并按照题目要求用英语回答问题。
In the years of my growing up, Dad was strict with me. He made sure I made my bed and did my homework. He would call in advance to make sure there was no alcohol at the party. I got so angry with him for laying down the law. I would scream, “ I hate you!” Dad would yell back, “Good! I don’t care!” Deep down I knew he did.
    One time at a party, I drank too much alcohol and got so sick. I said, “ Call my dad.” Next thing, Dad was carrying me to the car. I woke up the next morning, thinking I would definitely be criticised. As expected, I got a roasting, but I now understand why I needed discipline.
Dad was 29 when he got his big roles in films. I had an early start at the age of nine with a role in a 1990s TV series, but it wasn’t until I finished film studies that I pursued my career as an actress. Like those early days for Dad, I faced lots of rejections. Working in such a competitive industry, I’ve sometimes thought, “I can’t do this any more.”
Once, after a trip to Hollywood, I returned to Australia so depressed and spent months in my bedroom painting, listening to Eckhart Tolle’s music and trying to find myself again. Dad sat me down and said,“Alice, I know it’s hard, but it’s all about persistence(坚持不懈).”
Now I get to work with Dad a lot, which I love. We are both passionate about acting, which comes from us being so interested in people. If it weren’t for Dad, I wouldn’t be where I am today. He’s my biggest fan, and when you have that in your life you can go a long way.
56. What rules did Alice’s father set for her when she was growing up?(no more than 15 words)
57. What does the underlined part in Paragraph 2 mean? (no more than 5 words)
58. What did Alice’s father do when she felt depressed? (no more than 5 words)
59. According to the last paragraph, what do Alice and her father have in common? (no more than 10 words)
60. What do you think of Alice’s father? Please explain. (no more than 20 words)
【语篇解读】这是一篇记叙文。讲述了一个严父、慈父对女儿的教育培养以及对女儿的影响。
56.
She should make her bed, do her homework and drink no alcohol.
Or: Making her bed, doing her homework and drinking no alcohol.
【解析】根据文章第一段的句子He made sure I made my bed and did my homework. He would call in advance to make sure there was no alcohol at the party. I got so angry with him for laying down the law. 可知作者爱丽斯的父亲给她制定了自己铺床、做作业和不许喝酒的规定。
57.
I got/was criticised/scolded.
【解析】
根据文章第三段的内容：Dad was 29 when he got his big roles in films. I had an early start at the age of nine with a role in a 1990s TV series, but it wasn’t until I finished film studies that I pursued my career as an actress. Like those early days for Dad, I faced lots of rejections.可以判断出我和父亲早年的时候一样，面对了许多次的拒绝，即受到了批评。
58. He encouraged/comforted/inspired her.
【解析】
根据文章第四段内容Once, after a trip to Hollywood, I returned to Australia so depressed and spent months in my bedroom painting, listening to Eckhart Tolle’s music and trying to find myself again. Dad sat me down and said,“Alice, I know it’s hard, but it’s all about persistence(坚持不懈).”可以判断出在爱丽斯感到精神不振的时候，父亲鼓励、安慰、激励了她。
59.
They are both passionate about acting and interested in people.
【解析】根据文章最后一段中的We are both passionate about acting, which comes from us being so interested in people.可以判断出爱丽斯和她的父亲的共同点就是对演艺事业充满了激情，对人们感兴趣。
60.
He is a good/devoted/caring/loving father because he was strict with his daughter and encouraged her when she was in trouble.
Or: He is always supportive/a source of strength. Whenever she is in trouble, he is there for her.
【解析】根据第一段的句子Dad was strict with me. He made sure I made my bed and did my homework. He would call in advance to make sure there was no alcohol at the party.和第二段的句子As expected, I got a roasting, but I now understand why I needed discipline.可知，爱丽斯的父亲对女儿严格要求，是一个严父。由第四段内容Once, after a trip to Hollywood, I returned to Australia so depressed and spent months in my bedroom painting, listening to Eckhart Tolle’s music and trying to find myself again. Dad sat me down and said,“Alice, I know it’s hard, but it’s all about persistence(坚持不懈).”可以判断出爱丽斯的父亲对女儿的关爱和鼓励，所以判断出爱丽斯的父亲是一个好父亲，是女儿力量的源泉。
【名师点睛】阅读表达题是一种综合性的题型，测试目的是从多方位、多角度考查考生通过阅读获取信息、处理信息并进行书面表达的能力。该题型比传统的阅读理解试题更具有综合性和主观性，更能体现对考生综合能力的考查。考查题型有封闭型问题（Close-ended Questions），要求考生结合文中具体信息进行回答；还有开放型问题（Open-ended Questions）：要求考生结合个人观点、态度进行表述。这篇文章为记叙文，学生可以通过最后提出的问题进行点对点的信息筛查，在文章中找出相关的句子。回答问题的时候，学生要注意题目要求的字数限制，在规定范围内答题就可以。
7.（2017·江苏卷）
任务型阅读
请认真阅读下面短文，并根据所读内容在文章后表格中的空格里填入一个最恰当的单词。
注意：请将答案写在答题卡上相应题号的横线上。每个空格只填一个单词。
Population Change
Why is the world’s population growing? The answer is not what you might think. The reason for the explosion is not that people have been reproducing like rabbits, but that people have stopped dropping dead like flies. In 1900, people died at the average age of 30. By 2000 the average age was 65. But while increasing health was a typical feature of the 20th century, declining birth rate could be a defining one of the 21st.
Statistics show that the average number of births per woman has fallen from 4.9 in the early 1960s to 2.5 nowadays. Furthermore, around 50% of the world’s population live in regions where the figure is now below the replacement level (i.e.2.1 births per woman) and almost all developed nations are experiencing sub-replacement birth rate. You might think that developing nations would make up the loss(especially since 80% of the world’s people now live in such nations), but you’d be wrong. Declining birth rate is a major problem in many developing regions too, which might cause catastrophic global shortages of work force within a few decades.
A great decline in young work force is likely to occur in China, for instance. What does it imply? First, China needs to undergo rapid economic development before a population decline hits the country. Second, if other factors such as technology remain constant, economic growth and material expectations will fall well below recent standards and this could invite trouble.
Russia is another country with population problems that could break its economic promise. Since 1992 the number of people dying has been bigger than that of those being born by a massive 50%. Indeed official figures suggest the country has shrunk by 5% since 1993 and people in Russia live a shorter life now than those in 1961. Why is this occurring? Nobody is quite sure, but poor diet and above all long-time alcoholism have much to do with it. If current trends don’t bend, Russia’s population will be about the size of Yemen’s by the year 2050.
In the north of India, the population is booming due to high birth rates, but in the south, where most economic development is taking place, birth rate is falling rapidly. In a further twist, birth rate is highest in poorly educated rural areas and lowest in highly educated urban areas. In total, 25% of India’s working-age population has no education. In 2030, a sixth of the country’s potential work force could be totally uneducated.
One solution is obviously to import foreign workers via immigration. As for the USA, it is almost unique among developed nations in having a population that is expected to grow by 20% from 2010-2030. Moreover, the USA has a track record of successfully accepting immigrants. As a result it’s likely to see a rise in the size of its working-age population and to witness strong economic growth over the longer term.


















































【文章大意】文章关注的是人口出生率的下降。得益于医学的进步，全世界的人口虽然在增长，但是不断下降的出生率却是二十一世纪面临的一个严峻问题。
71. lower
【解析】根据＂declining birth rate could be a defining one of the 21st＂可知，21世纪的出生率比20世纪低，且much/ even/far/a lot/ a little等修饰比较级，故填lower。
72. size/scale
【解析】根据第二段中的＂almost all developed nations are experiencing sub-replacement birth rate＂可知，发达国家人口出生率正在下降，即人口难以维持现有的规模，＂maintain＂一词是做题的依据，故填size/scale。
73. immediate
【解析】根据第二段中的＂which might cause catastrophic global shortages of work force within a few decades＂中的＂within a few decades＂可知，出生率的下降对发展中国家和全球的消极影响还没有发生，由此联想到＂影响不是立即产生的＂。
74. economic
【解析】接下来几段分别讲了中国、俄罗斯、印度的人口与经济问题，根据＂economic development before a population decline hits the country＂可知答案。
75. old/older
【解析】根据＂A great decline in young work force is likely to occur in China＂可知，中国可能会迎来年轻劳动力的危机，故填older。
76. earlier
【解析】根据＂the country has shrunk by 5% since 1993 and people in Russia live a shorter life now than those in 1961...but poor diet and above all long-time alcoholism have much to do with it＂可知，俄罗斯人口由于缩短的寿命而急剧下降。
77. living/life
【解析】此处是说，如果俄罗斯人改变他们的生活方式，他们的情况可能会好一些。
78. equality
【解析】根据倒数第二段中的＂but in the south, where most economic development is taking place, birth rate is falling rapidly＂可知，教育可以降低出生率，因此，可以通过普及教育来抑制人口增长。
79. immigration
【解析】根据最后一段中的＂One solution is obviously to import foreign workers via immigration.＂可知，通过移民来引入外来工人是解决劳动力短缺的一种方法。
80. compensate
【解析】根据最后一段中的＂Moreover, the USA has a track record of successfully accepting immigrants. As a result it’s likely to see a rise in the size of its working-age population＂可知，美国的移民政策将会使劳动力有所增加。接纳移民可以弥补劳动力的短缺。
【名师点睛】
任务型阅读题中的阅读能力同样要求考生在有限的时间内快速领会文章的主旨大意，快速理解句段细节意义和理清上下文的逻辑关系，要能够理解文章作者的观点、态度和意图，同时不能忽视对语篇的整体把握和领悟。考查题型分为以下三类：
1. 信息筛选题：信息筛选题是基础题目，一般可以直接通过将表格和短文进行对照，边读文章边找出与试题相关的句子信息，获取到相关单词，有时试题和原文句型句式不同，需进行简单的逻辑推理然后找到相应单词，不需变化，直接填入。例如第74、79题。
2. 整合转换题：整合转换题是典型的二次加工题型，需要考生有基本的构词法知识，对句子成分和词性的对应关系要明确。做题时不仅需要找到与试题相关的语句，还要根据词法和句法知识以及上下文的逻辑关系进行加工，从而提炼出新词。可细分为如下两种情况：
（1）词形整合转换。被考查单词在原文和试题中充当的句子成分不同，因而需要在名词、动词、形容词、副词等之间进行转换。例如第76、78题。
（2）句型整合转换。试题中的被考查单词在原文中找不到同根词，无法获取单词进行转换，需根据原文中相应句子的意义和上下文逻辑联系进行句型转换。例如第71、72、73题。
①表格内词性、大小写和语法运用上要保持一致。同一单元格要注意在用词方面保持一致的格式。
②善用同义词和反义词进行转换。
③正确使用构词法。
④熟练运用语法句型转换。
3. 综合概括题：综合概括题要求考生对全文或段落进行总体语篇把握，通过观察表格的设置特点，从而归纳和概括出所考查的单词。此类设题一般位于表格的第一行或第一列。为了更快捷地掌握概括能力，总结和熟记一些概括性词汇及其固定搭配也是很有必要的。例如75题。
基本的概括性词汇有：
总结、概括：conclusion, summary
建议：suggestion, tip, advice, proposal, recommendation
影响：effect, influence, impact
印象：impression
因果：reason, cause, result, consequence
三年（2017-2019）高考真题英语分项汇编
专题16  阅读理解说明类
一、2019年高考真题
1. 【2019·全国卷I，C】
As data and identity theft becomes more and more common, the market is growing for biometric(生物测量)technologies—like fingerprint scans—to keep others out of private e-spaces. At present, these technologies are still expensive, though.
Researchers from Georgia Tech say that they have come up with a low-cost device(装置)that gets around this problem: a smart keyboard. This smart keyboard precisely measures the cadence(节奏)with which one types and the pressure fingers apply to each key. The keyboard could offer a strong layer of security by analyzing things like the force of a user's typing and the time between key presses. These patterns are unique to each person. Thus, the keyboard can determine people's identities, and by extension, whether they should be given access to the computer it's connected to—regardless of whether someone gets the password right.
It also doesn't require a new type of technology that people aren't already familiar with. Everybody uses a keyboard and everybody types differently.
In a study describing the technology, the researchers had 100 volunteers type the word “touch”four times using the smart keyboard. Data collected from the device could be used to recognize different participants based on how they typed, with very low error rates. The researchers say that the keyboard should be pretty straightforward to commercialize and is mostly made of inexpensive, plastic-like parts. The team hopes to make it to market in the near future.
28. Why do the researchers develop the smart keyboard?
A. To reduce pressure on keys.	B. To improve accuracy in typing
C. To replace the password system.	D. To cut the cost of e-space protection.
29. What makes the invention of the smart keyboard possible？
A. Computers are much easier to operate.
B. Fingerprint scanning techniques develop fast.
C. Typing patterns vary from person to person.
D. Data security measures are guaranteed.
30. What do the researchers expect of the smart keyboard？all 1o soisgitieoco oll.
A. It'll be environment-friendly.	B. It'll reach consumers soon.
C. It'll be made of plastics.	D. It'll help speed up typing.
31. Where is this text most likely from?
A. A diary.	B. A guidebook	C. A novel.	D. A magazine.
【语篇解读】这是一篇说明文。数据和身份盗窃变得越来越普遍，目前，向指纹扫描等这些技术仍然是昂贵的。本文介绍了一种新的科技——智能键盘，它能给e-space用户带来安全，而且这项技术也不贵。
28.D
【解析】细节理解题。根据第一段的At present, these technologies are still expensive, though.和第二段的Researchers from Georgia Tech say that they have come up with a low-cost device that gets around this problem: a smart key board.可知，研究者们开发智能键盘是为了降低e-space保护的成本。故选D。
29.C
【解析】细节理解题。根据第二段的The key board could offer a strong layer of security by analyzing things like the force of a user’s typing and the time between key presses. These patterns are unique to each person. Thus，the keyboard can determine people’s identities可知，因为每个人的打字方式不同，使智能键盘能够识别人的身份。故选C。
30.B
【解析】细节理解题。根据最后一段的The team hopes to make it to market in the near future.可知，研究者们希望智能键盘能早日面世。故选B。
31.D
 【解析】推理判断题。本文介绍了一种新的科技——智能键盘，它能给e-space用户带来安全，由此可知，本文是关于科技，结合所给选项可知，本文可能来自于一本杂志。故选D。
2. 【2019·全国卷I，D】
During the rosy years of elementary school(小学), I enjoyed sharing my dolls and jokes, which allowed me to keep my high social status. I was the queen of the playground. Then came my tweens and teens, and mean girls and cool kids. They rose in the ranks not by being friendly but by smoking cigarettes, breaking rules and playing jokes on others, among whom I soon found myself.
Popularity is a well-explored subject in social psychology. Mitch Prinstein, a professor of clinical psychology sorts the popular into two categories: the likable and the status seekers. The likables’ plays-well-with-others qualities strengthen schoolyard friendships, jump-start interpersonal skills and, when tapped early, are employed ever after in life and work. Then there’s the kind of popularity that appears in adolescence: status born of power and even dishonorable behavior.
Enviable as the cool kids may have seemed, Dr. Prinstein’s studies show unpleasant consequences. Those who were highest in status in high school, as well as those least liked in elementary school, are “most likely to engage(从事)in dangerous and risky behavior.”
In one study, Dr. Prinstein examined the two types of popularity in 235 adolescents, scoring the least liked, the most liked and the highest in status based on student surveys(调查研究). “We found that the least well-liked teens had become more aggressive over time toward their classmates. But so had those who were high in status. It clearly showed that while likability can lead to healthy adjustment, high status has just the opposite effect on us."
Dr. Prinstein has also found that the qualities that made the neighbors want you on a play date-sharing, kindness, openness — carry over to later years and make you better able to relate and connect with others.
In analyzing his and other research，Dr. Prinstein came to another conclusion: Not only is likability related to positive life outcomes, but it is also responsible for those outcomes, too. "Being liked creates opportunities for learning and for new kinds of life experiences that help somebody gain an advantage, ” he said.
32. What sort of girl was the author in her early years of elementary school?
A. Unkind.	B. Lonely.	C. Generous.	D. Cool.
33. What is the second paragraph mainly about？
A. The classification of the popular.
B. The characteristics of adolescents.
C. The importance of interpersonal skills.
D. The causes of dishonorable behavior
34. What did Dr. Prinstein’s study find about the most liked kids?
A. They appeared to be aggressive.
B. They tended to be more adaptable.
C. They enjoyed the highest status.
D. They performed well academically.
35. What is the best title for the text?
A. Be Nice-You Won’t Finish Last
B. The Higher the Status, the Beer
C. Be the Best-You Can Make It
D. More Self-Control, Less Aggressiveness
【语篇解读】这是一篇说明文。文章主要讲到研究表明，对别人好，讨人喜欢对人生活的各个方面有深远的有益影响。
32.C
【解析】推理判断题。根据第一段During the rosy years of elementary school, I enjoyed sharing my dolls and jokes, which allowed me to keep my high social status（在美好的小学时光里，我喜欢分享我的娃娃和笑话，这让我保持了高高的社会地位。）由此推断出，作者在小学早期时，是一个慷慨的女孩。unkind不友善的；lonely寂寞的；generous慷慨的；cool冷静的，故选C。
33.A
【解析】主旨大意题。第二段Mitch Prinstein, a professor of clinical psychology sorts the popular into two categories: the likable and the status seekers.（临床心理学教授Mitch Prinstein将受欢迎的人分为两类:讨人喜欢的人和追求地位的人。）是段落主题句，本段内容分别对the likable 和the status seekers 做了解释，所以本段主要介绍了两种受欢迎的分类，故选A。
34.B
【解析】推理判断题。根据第四段It clearly showed that while likability can lead to healthy adjustment （它清楚地表明，可爱可以促使健全的调整），由此推断出，心理学教授Mitch Prinstein的研究表明，最有人望的孩子适应性更强，故选B。
35.A
【解析】主旨大意题。通过阅读全文内容，尤其是最后一段，可知这篇文章主要讲了受欢迎，讨人喜欢对人生活的各个方面有深远的有益影响。与选项A“对别人好——最终，你的收获无穷无尽”一致，故选A。
4. 【2019·全国卷II，D】
Bacteria are an annoying problem for astronauts. The microorganisms(微生物) from our bodies grow uncontrollably on surfaces of the International Space Station, so astronauts spend hours cleaning them up each week. How is NASA overcoming this very tiny big problem? It’s turning to a bunch of high school kids. But not just any kids. It depending on NASA HUNCH high school class, like the one science teachers Gene Gordon and Donna Himmelberg lead at Fairport High School in Fairport, New York.
HUNCH is designed to connect high school classrooms with NASA engineers. For the past two years, Gordon’s students have been studying ways to kill bacteria in zero gravity, and they think they’re close to a solution(解决方案). “We don’t give the students any breaks. They have to do it just like NASA engineers,” says Florence Gold, a project manager.
“There are no tests,” Gordon says. “There is no graded homework. There almost are no grades, other than‘Are you working towards your goal?’ Basically, it’s ‘I’ve got to produce this product and then, at the end of year, present it to NASA.’ Engineers come and really do an in-person review, and…it’s not a very nice thing at time. It’s a hard business review of your product.”
Gordon says the HUNCH program has an impact(影响) on college admissions and practical life skills. “These kids are so absorbed in their studies that I just sit back. I don’t teach.” And that annoying bacteria? Gordon says his students are emailing daily with NASA engineers about the problem, readying a workable solution to test in space.
32. What do we know about the bacteria in the International Space Station?
A. They are hard to get rid of.	B. They lead to air pollution.
C. They appear different forms.	D. They damage the instruments.
33. What is the purpose of the HUNCH program?
A. To strengthen teacher-student relationships.	B. To sharpen students’ communication skills.
C. To allow students to experience zero gravity.	D. To link space technology with school education
34. What do the NASA engineers do for the students in the program?
A. Check their product.	B. Guide project designs
C. Adjust work schedules.	D. Grade their homework.
35. What is the best title for the text?
A. NASA: The Home of Astronauts.
B. Space: The Final Homework Frontier.
C. Nature: An Outdoor Classroom.
D. HUNCH:A College Admission Reform.
【语篇解读】本文为说明文。本文介绍了HUNCH项目就是通过Gordon的学生找到如何杀死空间站的细菌这一技术，把空间技术与带进课堂，与学校教育相结合，从而最终影响到大学入 的数学模型，科学家们发现了一些在食物网运营的关键原则。科学家们说;因为一个生态系统越过了它的临界点，它们很难再回来。该系统将告诉我们何时适应人类活动，这些活动正将生态系统推向崩溃，或者甚至允许我们将生态系统从边缘拉回来，预防是关键。
46.B
【解析】细节理解题。根据第一段的With such models, scientists have found out some key principles  operating in food webs.可知，借助食物网的数学模型，科学家们发现了食物网中的一些关键原则。故选B。
47. C
【解析】细节理解题。根据第一段的When a predator(掠食动物) always eats huge numbers of a single  prey(猎物)，the two species are strongly linked可知，当捕食者总是吃大量的单一猎物，这两个物种是紧密相连的。故选C。
48. D
【解析】推理判断题。根据第二段的In the 1960s, scientists proposed that predators at the top of a food web had, a surprising amount of control over the size of populations of other species they did not directly attack可知，处于食物网顶端的食肉动物对它们没有直接攻击的其他物种的种群数量有着惊人的控制，由此可推断出，如果食物链顶级食肉动物的数量大大下降，其他物种的种群将经历意想不到的变化。故选D。
49.A
【解析】推理判断题。根据第四段的Ideally the system would tell us when to adapt human activities that are pushing an ecosystem toward a breakdown or would even allow us to pull an ecosystem back from the borderline可知，人类过度的活动会将生态系统推向崩溃，由此可推断出，不受控制的人类活动极大地破坏了生态系统。故选A。
50. D
【解析】细节理解题。根据最后一段的Scientists have built an early-warning system based on mathematical models. Ideally the system would tell us when to adapt human activities that are pushing an ecosystem toward a breakdown or would even allow us to pull an ecosystem back from the borderline.可知，早期变暖系统发出紧急需要采取预防行动的信号帮助我们维持生态平衡。故选D。
9. 【2019·江苏卷，B】
In the 1960s，while studying the volcanic history of Yellowstone National Park，Bob Christiansen became puzzled about something that，oddly，had not troubled anyone before:he couldn't find the park's volcano. It had been known for a long time that Yellowstone was volcanic in nature — that's what accounted for all its hot springs and other steamy features. But Christiansen couldn't find the Yellowstone volcano anywhere.
Most of us，when we talk about volcanoes，think of the classic cone(圆锥体)shapes of a Fuji or Kilimanjaro，which are created when erupting magma(岩浆)piles up. These can form remarkably quickly. In 1943，a Mexican farmer was surprised to see smoke rising from a small part of his land. In one week he was the confused owner of a cone five hundred feet high. Within two years it had topped out at almost fourteen hundred feet and was more than half a mile across. Altogether there are some ten thousand of these volcanoes on Earth，all but a few hundred of them extinct. There is，however，a second les known type of volcano that doesn't involve mountain building. These are volcanoes so explosive that they burst open in a single big crack，leaving behind a vast hole，the caldera. Yellowstone obviously was of this second type，but Christiansen couldn't find the caldera anywhere.
Just at this time NASA decided to test some new high-altitude cameras by taking photographs of Yellowstone. A thoughtful official passed on some of the copies to the park authorities on the assumption that they might make a nice blow-up for one of the visitors' centers. As soon as Christiansen saw the photos，he realized why he had failed to spot the caldera; almost the whole park-2.2 million acres—was caldera. The explosion had left a hole more than forty miles across—much too huge to be seen from anywhere at ground level. At some time in the past Yellowstone must have blown up with a violence far beyond the scale of anything known to humans.
58. What puzzled Christiansen when he was studying Yellowstone？
A. Its complicated geographical features.
B. Its ever-lasting influence on tourism.
C. The mysterious history of the park.
D. The exact location of the volcano.
59. What does the second-paragraph mainly talk about？
A. The shapes of volcanoes.
B. The impacts of volcanoes.
C. The activities of volcanoes.
D. The heights of volcanoes.
60. What does the underlined word "blow-up" in the last paragraph most probably mean？
A. Hot-air balloon.	B. Digital camera.
C. Big photograph.	D. Bird's view.
【语篇解读】本文为说明文。讲述了二十世纪六十年代Bob Christiansen在研究黄石公园的火山历史时，奇怪地发现到处看不到火山的影子，原来，这儿的火山并不是像我们大部分人想象的那种圆锥体形状的高耸的样子，而是一个巨大的洞，这个洞太大了以至于从地面上的任何地方都看不见。
58.D
【解析】细节理解题。根据第一段最后一句But Christiansen couldn’t find the Yellowstone volcano anywhere.可知，他困惑的是到处看不到火山。故选D。
59.A
【解析】主旨大意题。本段讲述了两种形状的火山，一种是通常人们所理解的由火山岩浆堆积形成的圆锥体，还有一种极具爆发力的火山，它们会在一个大裂缝中爆裂，留下一个巨大的洞，故选A。
60.C
【解析】词义猜测题。根据第三段第一句Just at this time NASA decided to test some new high-altitude cameras by taking photographs of Yellowstone. A thoughtful official passed on some of the copies to the park authorities on the assumption that they might make a nice blow-up for one of the visitors’ centers.可知，美国国家航空和宇宙航行局为测试一些新的高海拔照相机而拍摄了黄石公园的照片。一位深思熟虑的官员把其中的一些照片副本转交给了公园管理部门，认为他们可能会将其放大以供一个游客中心展示。故可知，此处意为将照片放大，选C。
10. 【2019·浙江卷，C】
California has lost half its big trees since the 1930s, according to a study to be published Tuesday and climate change seems to be a major factor(因素).
The number of trees larger than two feet across has declined by 50 percent on more than 46, 000 square miles of California forests, the new study finds. No area was spared or unaffected, from the foggy northern coast to the Sierra Nevada Mountains to the San Gabriels above Los Angeles. In the Sierra high country, the number of big trees has fallen by more than 55 percent; in parts of southern California the decline was nearly 75 percent.
Many factors contributed to the decline, said Patrick Mclntyre, an ecologist who was the lead author of the study. Woodcutters targeted big trees. Housing development pushed into the woods. Aggressive wildfire control has left California forests crowded with small trees that compete with big trees for resources(资源).
But in comparing a study of California forests done in the 1920s and 1930s with another one between 2001 and 2010, Mclntyre and his colleagues documented a widespread death of big trees that was evident even in wildlands protected from woodcutting or development.
The loss of big trees was greatest in areas where trees had suffered the greatest water shortage. The researchers figured out water stress with a computer model that calculated how much water trees were getting in comparison with how much they needed, taking into account such things as rainfall, air temperature, dampness of soil, and the timing of snowmelt(融雪).
Since the 1930s, Mclntyre said, the biggest factors driving up water stress in the state have been rising temperatures, which cause trees to lose more water to the air, and earlier snowmelt, which reduces the water supply available to trees during the dry season.
27. What is the second paragraph mainly about?
A. The seriousness of big-tree loss in California.
B. The increasing variety of California big trees.
C. The distribution of big trees in California forests.
D. The influence of farming on big trees in California.
28. Which of the following is well-intentioned but may be bad for big trees?
A. Ecological studies of forests.
B. Banning woodcutting.
C. Limiting housing development.
D. Fire control measures.
29. What is a major cause of the water shortage according to Mclntyre?
A. Inadequate snowmelt.	B. A longer dry season.
C. A warmer climate.	D. Dampness of the air.
30. What can be a suitable title for the text?
A. California's Forests: Where Have All the Big Trees Gone?
B. Cutting of Big Trees to Be Prohibited in California Soon
C. Why Are the Big Trees Important to California Forests?
D. Patrick Mclntyre: Grow More Big Trees in California
【语篇解读】本文为说明文，根据一项研究表明，自20世纪30年代以来，加州已经失去了一半的大树，气候变化似乎是其主要因素。
27.A
主旨大意题。在第二段中，作者用具体数据说明了大树损失在各个地区的严重程度，没有任何地区幸免或不受影响，故选A。
28. D
【解析】推理判断题。根据第三段最后一句Aggressive wildfire control has left California forests crowded with small trees that compete with big trees for resources（资源）.可知，野火控制在控制了森林大火的同时，使得加利福尼亚的森林里挤满了小树，它们与大树争夺资源，这对大树产生了不利的影响，故选D。
29.C
【解析】细节理解题。根据最后一段the biggest factors driving up water stress in the state have been rising temperatures, …, and earlier snowmelt, …可知，造成加州水资源短缺的最大因素是气温的上升，以及较早的融雪，故选C。
30.A
【解析】主旨大意题。通读全文可知，自20世纪30年代以来，加州已经失去了一半的大树，文章分析了引起该现象的几个主要因素。全文围绕“加州森林的大树都去哪儿了”话题展开，故选项A符合题意。
二、2018年高考真题
1.【2018·全国卷I，D】
We may think we’re a culture that gets rid of our worn technology at the first sight of something shiny and new, but a new study shows that we keep using our old devices (装置) well after they go out of style. That’s bad news for the environment – and our wallets – as these outdated devices consume much more energy than the newer ones that do the same things.
To figure out how much power these devices are using, Callie Babbitt and her colleagues at the Rochester Institute of Technology in New York tracked the environmental costs for each product throughout its life – from when its minerals are mined to when we stop using the device. This method provided a readout for how home energy use has evolved since the early 1990s. Devices were grouped by generation. Desktop computers, basic mobile phones, and box-set TVs defined 1992. Digital cameras arrived on the scene in 1997. And MP3 players, smart phones, and LCD TVs entered homes in 2002, before tablets and e-readers showed up in 2007.
As we accumulated more devices, however, we didn’t throw out our old ones. “The living-room television is replaced and gets planted in the kids’ room, and suddenly one day, you have a TV in every room of the house,” said one researcher. The average number of electronic devices rose from four per household in 1992 to 13 in 2007. We’re not just keeping these old devices – we continue to use them. According to the analysis of Babbitt’s team, old desktop monitors and box TVs with cathode ray tubes are the worst devices with their energy consumption and contribution to greenhouse gas emissions (排放) more than doubling during the 1992 to 2007 window.
So what’s the solution (解决方案)? The team’s data only went up to 2007, but the researchers also explored what would happen if consumers replaced old products with new electronics that serve more than one function, such as a tablet for word processing and TV viewing. They found that more on-demand entertainment viewing on tablets instead of TVs and desktop computers could cut energy consumption by 44%.
32. What does the author think of new devices?
A. They are environment-friendly.	B. They are no better than the old.
C. They cost more to use at home.	D. They go out of style quickly.
33. Why did Babbitt’s team conduct the research?
A. To reduce the cost of minerals.
B. To test the life cycle of a product.
C. To update consumers on new technology.
D. To find out electricity consumption of the devices.
34. Which of the following uses the least energy?
A. The box-set TV.		B. The tablet.
C. The LCD TV.		D. The desktop computer.
35. What does the text suggest people do about old electronic devices?
A. Stop using them.		B. Take them apart.
C. Upgrade them.		D. Recycle them.
【文章大意】本文是一篇科普说明文。文章讲述了新旧电子设备的差别，旧电子设备耗能高、不环保。所以作者主张使用新电子设备。
32.A
【解析】观点态度题。根据文章第一段中的That’s bad news for the environment – and our wallets – as these outdated devices consume much more energy than the newer ones that do the same things.可知，使用旧的电子设备对环境和我们的钱包都是坏消息。这些过时的设备做相同的事情要消耗比新设备更多的能量。由此推知作者认为新电子设备环保、节能。故选A。
33.D
【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第二段中的To figure out how much power these devices are using, Callie Babbitt and her colleagues at the Rochester Institute of Technology in New York tracked the environmental costs for each product throughout its life	可知，Babbitt’s team研究的目的是弄清楚这些设备用了多少电。故选D。
34.B
【解析】细节理解题。根据文章最后一段中的They found that more on-demand entertainment viewing on tablets instead of TVs and desktop computers could cut energy consumption by 44%.可知，平板电脑是耗能最少的电子设备，可以降低44%的耗能。故选B。
35.A
【解析】推理判断题。根据文章的整体内容可知，因为旧的电子设备耗能高，不环保。所以作者建议停止使用旧的电子设备。故选A。
【点睛】
熟悉比较句型是彻底理解本文的关键，也是解题的关键。本文中的比较句型：
1. That’s bad news for the environment – and our wallets – as these outdated devices consume much more energy than the news ones that do the same things
做同样的事，旧的过时的装置比新装置消耗更多能源，对环境有害，浪费钱财。
2. According to the analysis of Babbitt’s team, old desktop monitors and box TVs with cathode ray tubes are the worst devices with their energy consumption and contribution to greenhouse gas emissions (排放) more than doubling during the 1992 to 2007 window.
根据Babbitt团队的分析，旧的桌面监视器和阴极射线管箱式电视机是最差的电子设备，它们的耗能和温室气体的排放是1992到2007window的两倍还多。
3. They found that more on-demand entertainment viewing on tablets instead of TVs and desktop computers could cut energy consumption by 44%.他们发现在平板电脑上看的随需变化的娱乐节目比在电视和电脑上看耗能减少了44%。
2.【2018·全国卷II，B】
Many of us love July because it’s the month when nature’s berries and stone fruits are in abundance. These colourful and sweet jewels form British Columbia’s fields are little powerhouses of nutritional protection.
Of the common berries, strawberries are highest in vitamin C, although, because of their seeds, raspberries contain a little more protein (蛋白质), iron and zinc (not that fruits have much protein). Blueberries are particularly high in antioxidants (抗氧化物质). The yellow and orange stone fruits such as peaches are high in the carotenoids we turn into vitamin A and which are antioxidants. As for cherries (樱桃), they are so delicious who cares? However, they are rich in vitamin C.
When combined with berries of slices of other fruits, frozen bananas make an excellent base for thick, cooling fruit shakes and low fat “ice cream”. For this purpose, select ripe bananas for freezing as they are much sweeter. Remove the skin and place them in plastic bags or containers and freeze. If you like, a squeeze of fresh lemon juice on the bananas will prevent them turning brown. Frozen bananas will last several weeks, depending on their ripeness and the temperature of the freezer.
If you have a juicer, you can simply feed in frozen bananas and some berries or sliced fruit. Out comes a “soft-serve” creamy dessert, to be eaten right away. This makes a fun activity for a children’s party; they love feeding the fruit and frozen bananas into the top of the machine and watching the ice cream come out below.
24. What does the author seem to like about cherries?
A. They contain protein.    				B. They are high in vitamin A.
C. They have a pleasant taste.    			D. They are rich in antioxidants.
25. Why is fresh lemon juice used in freezing bananas?
A. To make them smell better.    			B. To keep their colour.
C. To speed up their ripening.    			D. To improve their nutrition.
26. What is “a juicer” in the last paragraph?
A. A dessert.    						B. A drink.
C. A container.    						D. A machine.
27. From which is the text probably taken?
A. A biology textbook.    				B. A health magazine.
C. A research paper.    					D. A travel brochure.
【文章大意】本文是一篇说明文。文章主要介绍并比较了几种水果各自的营养价值和健康功效，并列出了一些食用这些水果的方法。
24.C
【解析】细节理解题。题干问的是，作者喜欢樱桃什么。根据第二段中As for cherries (樱桃), they are so delicious who cares?（至于樱桃，因为它们很好吃谁在乎呢?）可知，作者在乎的是它的美味。故选C。
25.B
【解析】细节理解题。根据第三段中的If you like, a squeeze of fresh lemon juice on the bananas will prevent them turning brown.可知，往香蕉上滴新鲜的柠檬汁是为了防止香蕉变成褐色，故新鲜的柠檬汁是被用来保持香蕉的颜色的。故选B。
26.D
【解析】词义猜测题。根据最后一段中they love feeding the fruit and frozen bananas into the top of the machine and watching the ice cream come out below可知，孩子们喜欢把一些水果和冷冻的香蕉放入到这台机器的上部，然后看到冰激凌从下面出来。故可以推出a juicer就是一台机器。故选D。
27.B
【解析】文章出处题。文章首先指出七月是水果盛产的季节，并指出各种水果富含的营养，最后一段指出我们可以用a juicer为孩子们做一些甜点和冰激凌，故最可能是从健康杂志上摘取的文章。A项意为：生物教科书；B项意为：一本健康杂志；C项意为：一篇研究论文；D项意为：一本旅游手册。故选B。
3.【2018·全国卷III，B】
Cities usually have a good reason for being where they are, like a nearby port or river. People settle in these places because they are easy to get to and naturally suited to communications and trade. New York City, for example, is near a large harbour at the mouth of the Hudson River. Over 300 years its population grew gradually from 800 people to 8 million. But not all cities develop slowly over a long period of time. Boom towns grow from nothing almost overnight. In 1896, Dawson, Canada, was unmapped wilderness(荒野). But gold was discovered there in 1897, and two years later, it was one of the largest cities in the West, with a population of 30,000.
Dawson did not have any of the natural conveniences of cities like London or Paris. People went there for gold. They travelled over snow-covered mountains and sailed hundreds of miles up icy rivers. The path to Dawson was covered with thirty feet of wet snow that could fall without warming. An avalanche(雪崩) once closed the path, killing 63 people. For many who made it to Dawson, however, the rewards were worth the difficult trip. Of the first 20,000 people who dug for gold, 4,000 got rich. About 100 of these stayed rich men for the rest of their lives.
But no matter how rich they were, Dawson was never comfortable. Necessities like food and wood were very expensive. But soon, the gold that Dawson depended on had all been found. The city was crowded with disappointed people with no interest in settling down, and when they heard there were new gold discoveries in Alaska, they left Dawson City as quickly as they had come. Today, people still come and go — to see where the Canadian gold rush happened. Tourism is now the chief industry of Dawson City — its present population is 762.
24. What attracted the early settlers to New York City?
A. Its business culture.
B. Its small population.
C. Its geographical position.
D. Its favourable climate.
25. What do we know about those who first dug for gold in Dawson?
A. Two-thirds of them stayed there.
B. One out of five people got rich.
C. Almost everyone gave up.
D. Half of them died.
26. What was the main reason for many people to leave Dawson?
A. They found the city too crowded.
B. They wanted to try their luck elsewhere.
C. They were unable to stand the winter.
D. They were short of food.
27. What is the text mainly about?
A. The rise and fall of a city.
B. The gold rush in Canada.
C. Journeys into the wilderness.
D. Tourism in Dawson.
【话题解读】这是一篇说明文。文章主要介绍了Dawson这座城市的发展原因、过程与现状。
24.C
【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第一段中Cities usually have a good reason for being where they are, like a nearby port or river. People settle in these places because they are easy to get to and naturally suited to communications and trade. New York City, for example, is near a large harbour at the mouth of the Hudson River.可知，人们选择在河边或港口设城是因为交通方便，便于做生意。而纽约就是在哈德森河口附近的一个大港口，故纽约吸引早期移民的原因是它的地理位置，故C正确。
25.B
【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第二段最后一句Of the first 20,000 people who dug for gold, 4,000 got rich. About 100 of these stayed rich men for the rest of their lives.可知，在最初挖黄金的两万人中有4000人变富有，所以是五分之一的人变富了，故B正确。
26.B
 【解析】细节理解题。根据文章最后一段中and when they heard there were new gold discoveries in Alaska, they left Dawson City as quickly as they had come.可知，人们离开Dawson的主要原因是听说在Alaska发现了黄金，也就是他们要去别的地方寻找发财的机会。故B正确。
27.A
【解析】主旨大意题。第一段简要介绍城市发展的原因，引出Dawson这一城市的兴起，第二段介绍了该城市兴起的原因，第三段介绍人们选择离开该城市的原因及现在的状况，所以全文围绕Dawson这个城市的发展起伏。故A正确。


4.【2018·北京卷，C】
Plastic-Eating Worms

Humans produce more than 300 million tons of plastic every year. Almost half of that winds up in landfills(垃圾填埋场), and up to 12 million tons pollute the oceans. So far there is no effective way to get rid of it, but a new study suggests an answer may lie in the stomachs of some hungry worms.
Researchers in Spain and England recently found that the worms of the greater wax moth can break down polyethylene, which accounts for 40% of plastics. The team left 100 wax worms on a commercial polyethylene shopping bag for 12 hours, and the worms consumed and broke down about 92 milligrams, or almost 3% of it. To confirm that the worms’ chewing alone was not responsible for the polyethylene breakdown, the researchers made some worms into paste(糊状物) and applied it to plastic films. 14 hours later the films had lost 13% of their mass — apparently broken down by enzymes (酶) from the worms’ stomachs. Their findings were published in Current Biology in 2017.
Federica Bertocchini, co-author of the study, says the worms’ ability to break down their everyday food — beeswax — also allows them to break down plastic. ＂Wax is a complex mixture, but the basic bond in polyethylene, the carbon-carbon bond, is there as well, ＂she explains, ＂The wax worm evolved a method or system to break this bond. ＂
Jennifer DeBruyn, a microbiologist at the University of Tennessee, who was not involved in the study, says it is not surprising that such worms can break down polyethylene. But compared with previous studies, she finds the speed of breaking down in this one exciting. The next step, DeBruyn says, will be to identify the cause of the breakdown. Is it an enzyme produced by the worm itself or by its gut microbes(肠道微生物)?
Bertocchini agrees and hopes her team’s findings might one day help employ the enzyme to break down plastics in landfills. But she expects using the chemical in some kind of industrial process — not simply ＂millions of worms thrown on top of the plastic. ＂
43. What can we learn about the worms in the study?
A. They take plastics as their everyday food.
B. They are newly evolved creatures.
C. They can consume plastics.
D. They wind up in landfills.
44. According to Jennifer DeBruyn, the next step of the study is to            .
A. identify other means of the breakdown
B. find out the source of the enzyme
C. confirm the research findings
D. increase the breakdown speed
45. It can be inferred from the last paragraph that the chemical might            .
A. help to raise worms
B. help make plastic bags
C. be used to clean the oceans
D. be produced in factories in future
46. What is the main purpose of the passage?
A. To explain a study method on worms.
B. To introduce the diet of a special worm.
C. To present a way to break down plastics.
D. To propose new means to keep eco-balance.
【文章大意】本文为说明文。文章介绍了一种吃塑料的虫子大蜡螟，它胃中的酶能够降解塑料，这为解决塑料污染提供了新的途径。
43.C 【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第三段Federica Bertocchini, co-author of the study, says the worms’ ability to break down their everyday food — beeswax — also allows them to break down plastic. 可知，研究结果发现，蠕虫分解日常食物的能力让它们可以分解塑料，也就是说它们可以消费塑料。故选C。
44.B 【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第四段The next step, DeBruyn says, will be to identify the cause of the breakdown. Is it an enzyme produced by the worm itself or by its gut microbes(肠道微生物)?可知，下一步研究是辨清分解的原因，查明这种酶来源于哪里，是虫子自己产生的还是它肠道里的微生物产生的。故选B。
45.D 【解析】推理判断题。根据文章最后一段But she expects using the chemical in some kind of industrial process — not simply ＂millions of worms thrown on top of the plastic. ＂可以推断出，Bertocchini希望这种化学物质将来能在工业生产中使用，而不是仅仅依靠蠕虫来分解塑料。故选D。
46.C  【解析】写作意图题。根据文章第一段最后一句So far there is no effective way to get rid of it, but a new study suggests an answer may lie in the stomachs of some hungry worms. 可知，有一种新的方法被用于分解塑料。再根据最后一段最后一句But she expects using the chemical in some kind of industrial process — not simply ＂millions of worms thrown on top of the plastic. ＂可知，Bertocchini希望将这种方法推广到工业中。由此可以推知写作意图为介绍一种分解塑料的方法。故选C。
5.【2018·天津卷，C】
There’s a new frontier in 3D printing that’s beginning to come into focus: food. Recent development has made possible machines that print, cook, and serve foods on a mass scale. And the industry isn’t stopping there.
Food production
With a 3D printer, a cook can print complicated chocolate sculptures and beautiful pieces for decoration on a wedding cake. Not everybody can do that — it takes years of experience, but a printer makes it easy. A restaurant in Spain uses a Foodini to “re-create forms and pieces” of food that are “exactly the same,” freeing cooks to complete other tasks. In another restaurant, all of the dishes and desserts it serves are 3D-printed, rather than farm to table.
Sustainability(可持续性)
The global population is expected to grow to 9.6 billion by 2050, and some analysts estimate that food production will need to be raised by 50 percent to maintain current levels. Sustainability is becoming a necessity. 3D food printing could probably contribute to the solution. Some experts believe printers could use hydrocolloids (水解胶体) from plentiful renewables like algae(藻类) and grass to replace the familiar ingredients(烹饪原料). 3D printing can reduce fuel use and emissions. Grocery stores of the future might stock "food" that lasts years on end, freeing up shelf space and reducing transportation and storage requirements.
Nutrition
Future 3D food printers could make processed food healthier. Hod Lipson, a professor at Columbia University, said, “Food printing could allow consumers to print food with customized nutritional content, like vitamins. So instead of eating a piece of yesterday’s bread from the supermarket, you’d eat something baked just for you on demand.”
Challenges
Despite recent advancements in 3D food printing, the industry has many challenges to overcome. Currently, most ingredients must be changed to a paste(糊状物) before a printer can use them, and the printing process is quite time-consuming, because ingredients interact with each other in very complex ways. On top of that, most of the 3D food printers now are restricted to dry ingredients, because meat and milk products may easily go bad. Some experts are skeptical about 3D food printers, believing they are better suited for fast food restaurants than homes and high-end restaurants.
46. What benefit does 3D printing bring to food production?
A. It helps cooks to create new dishes.
B. It saves time and effort in cooking.
C. It improves the cooking conditions.
D. It contributes to restaurant decorations.
47. What can we learn about 3D food printing from Paragraphs 3?
A. It solves food shortages easily.
B. It quickens the transportation of food.
C. It needs no space for the storage of food.
D. It uses renewable materials as sources of food.
48. According to Paragraph 4, 3D-printed food _____________.
A. is more available to consumers
B. can meet individual nutritional needs
C. is more tasty than food in supermarkets
D. can keep all the nutrition in raw materials
49. What is the main factor that prevents 3D food printing from spreading widely?
A. The printing process is complicated.
B. 3D food printers are too expensive.
C. Food materials have to be dry.
D. Some experts doubt 3D food printing.
50. What could be the best title of the passage?
A. 3D Food Printing: Delicious New Technology
B. A New Way to Improve 3D Food Printing
C. The Challenges for 3D Food Production
D. 3D Food Printing: From Farm to Table
【文章大意】本文是一篇说明文。文章主要介绍了3D打印技术在食物上的应用取得了进展，但目前仍面临着许多方面的挑战。
46.B
【解析】推理判断题。根据文章Food production中叙述了没有经验的人可以用3D打印机做出复杂的巧克力雕塑和美丽的婚礼蛋糕，以及餐厅能够用3D打印出所有的菜肴和甜点，从而可以推断出3D打印的优势是节省了做饭的时间和精力。故选B。
47.D
【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第三段Some experts believe printers could use hydrocolloids (水解胶体) from plentiful renewables like algae(藻类) and grass to replace the familiar ingredients(烹饪原料).可知，3D打印机可以使用可再生材料作为食物来源。故选D。
48.B
【解析】推理判断题。根据文章第四段Food printing could allow consumers to print food with customized nutritional content, like vitamins.（食品打印可以让消费者打印定制营养的食物），从而可以推断出3D打印出来的食物可以满足个人营养需求。故选B。
49.C
【解析】细节理解题。根据文章最后一段most of the 3D food printers now are restricted to dry ingredients, because meat and milk products may easily go bad.可知，阻止3D打印食物进一步广泛使用的原因是原料必须是干的，含水多的肉和牛奶不能应用于3D打印因为很容易坏。故选C。
50.A
【解析】主旨大意题。文章主要介绍了3D打印技术在食物上的应用取得了进展，但目前仍面临着许多方面的挑战。所以用标题3D Food Printing: Delicious New Technology，故选A。
点睛：科普类说明文历来是高考阅读理解命题的重点。本文是一篇3D打印技术在食物方面的应用，文章运用一些小标题和对一些专业词汇作了多处中文注释，降低了考生的阅读难度。文章逻辑性强，条理清楚，主要考查学生对语篇的整体把握和领悟能力以及对特定细节的认读和处理能力。最后一小题考查主旨大意，为文章选择出最好的标题。考生做此题时一定要注意选择项必须要能概括整个文章的内容，不能以偏概全。如B、C、D选择项在文章中都有所涉及，但不足以概括全文，所以需要考生正确概括全文的主旨大意。
6.【2018·浙江卷，B】
	Steven Stein likes to follow garbage trucks. His strange habit makes sense when you consider that he’s an environmental scientist who studies how to reduce litter, including things that fall off garbage trucks as they drive down the road. What is even more interesting is that one of Stein's jobs is defending an industry behind the plastic shopping bags.
	Americans use more than 100 billion thin film plastic bags every year. So many end up in tree branches or along highways that a growing number of cities do not allow them at checkouts(收银台) . The bags are prohibited in some 90 cities in California, including Los Angeles. Eyeing these headwinds, plastic-bag makers are hiring scientists like Stein to make the case that their products are not as bad for the planet as most people assume.
	Among the bag makers' argument: many cities with bans still allow shoppers to purchase paper bags, which are easily recycled but require more energy to produce and transport. And while plastic bags may be ugly to look at, they represent a small percentage of all garbage on the ground today.
	The industry has also taken aim at the product that has appeared as its replacement: reusable shopping bags. The stronger a reusable bag is, the longer its life and the more plastic-bag use it cancels out. However, longer-lasting reusable bags often require more energy to make. One study found that a cotton bag must be used at least 131 times to be better for the planet than plastic.
	Environmentalists don't dispute（质疑） these points. They hope paper bags will be banned someday too and want shoppers to use the same reusable bags for years.
24. What has Steven Stein been hired to do?
A. Help increase grocery sales.				B. Recycle the waste material.
C. Stop things falling off trucks.				D. Argue for the use of plastic bags.
25. What does the word “headwinds”in paragraph 2 refer to?
A. Bans on plastic bags.					B. Effects of city development.
C. Headaches caused by garbage.			D. Plastic bags hung in trees.
26. What is a disadvantage of reusable bags according to plastic-bag makers?
A. They are quite expensive.				B. Replacing them can be difficult.
C. They are less strong than plastic bags.		D. Producing them requires more energy.
27. What is the best title for the text?
A. Plastic, Paper or Neither					B. Industry, Pollution and Environment
C. Recycle or Throw Away					D. Garbage Collection and Waste Control
【文章大意】文章分析了几种购物袋的使用情况，塑料袋造成了环境问题，尽管纸袋容易回收，但生产和运输需要更多的能源，希望消费者使用耐用可重复使用的袋子。
24.D
【解析】细节理解题。根据第一段one of Stein's jobs is defending an industry behind the plastic shopping bags.和第二段plastic-bag makers are hiring scientists like Stein to make the case that their products are not as bad for the planet as most people assume.可知塑料袋生产商雇用Steven Stein是为了证明他们的产品并不像大多数人想象的那样对地球有害，是对塑料袋被禁用的解释和争论。故选D。
25.A
【解析】词义猜测题。上文介绍在许多美国大城市塑料袋被禁用，看到这种现状，塑料袋生产商雇用Steven Stein等科学家是为了证明他们的产品并不像大多数人想象的那样对地球有害。headwinds“逆风”，此处指塑料袋被禁用的现状，即Bans on plastic bags，故选A。
26.D
【解析】细节理解题。根据第四段However, longer-lasting reusable bags often require more energy to make.可知塑料袋生产商认为生产耐用且能重复使用的袋子需要更多的能量，故选D。
27.A
【解析】标题归纳题。文章讲述了使用塑料袋造成的环境问题，纸袋容易回收，但生产和运输需要更多的能源，希望消费者使用耐用可重复使用的袋子。对这三种方式进行了对比，Plastic, Paper or Neither既能概括全文，又能吸引读者，最适合作为标题。故选A。
7.【2018·浙江卷，C】
As cultural symbols go, the American car is quite young. The Model T Ford was built at the Piquette Plant in Michigan a century ago, with the first rolling off the assembly line（装配线）on September 27, 1908. Only eleven cars were produced the next month. But eventually Henry Ford would build fifteen million of them.
   Modern America was born on the road, behind a wheel. The car shaped some of the most lasting aspects of American culture: the roadside diner, the billboard, the motel, even the hamburger. For most of the last century, the car represented what it meant to be American—going forward at high speed to find new worlds. The road novel, the road movie, these are the most typical American ideas, born of abundant petrol, cheap cars and a never-ending interstate highway system, the largest public works project in history.
   In 1928 Herbert Hoover imagined an America with “a chicken in every pot and a car in every garage.” Since then, this society has moved onward, never looking back, as the car transformed America from a farm-based society into an industrial power.
   The cars that drove the American Dream have helped to create a global ecological disaster. In America the demand for oil has grown by 22 percent since 1990.
   The problems of excessive（过度的）energy consumption, climate change and population growth have been described in a book by the American writer Thomas L. Friedman. He fears the worst, but hopes for the best.
   Friedman points out that the green economy（经济）is a chance to keep American strength. “The ability to design, build and export green technologies for producing clean water, clean air and healthy and abundant food is going to be the currency of power in the new century.”
28. Why is hamburger mentioned in paragraph 2?
   A. To explain Americans’ love for travelling by car.
   B. To show the influence of cars on American culture.
C. To stress the popularity of fast food with Americans.
D. To praise the effectiveness of America’s road system.
29. What has the use of cars in America led to?
   A. Decline of economy.     						B. Environmental problems.
C. A shortage of oil supply. 						D. A farm-based society.
30. What is Friedman’s attitude towards America’s future?
   A. Ambiguous.     		B. Doubtful.     		C. Hopeful.    		D. Tolerant.
【文章大意】文章讲述了汽车在美国经济和文化上的重要作用，也指出了汽车带来的环境问题。
28.B
【解析】推理判断题。根据第二段Modern America was born on the road, behind a wheel. The car shaped some of the most lasting aspects of American culture: the roadside diner, the billboard, the motel, even the hamburger.可知现代美国诞生于公路和汽车，汽车塑造了美国文化最持久的一些方面。Hamburger就是汽车塑造的美国文化的一个方面。用这个例子是在说明汽车对美国文化的影响，故选B。
29.B
【解析】细节理解题。根据第四段The cars that drove the American Dream have helped to create a global ecological disaster.可知美国汽车的迅速发展，导致生态灾难。故选B。
30.C
【解析】推理判断题。根据倒数第二段中的He fears the worst, but hopes for the best. 和最后一段中的Friedman points out that the green economy（经济）is a chance to keep American strength.可见Friedman虽然对未来担心，但抱有最好的希望，他指出了发展绿色积极的想法。可见Friedman对未来是充满希望的，故选C。
8.【2018·江苏卷，B】
In the 1760s, Mathurin Roze opened a series of shops that boasted(享有) a special meat soup called consommé. Although the main attraction was the soup, Roze's chain shops also set a new standard for dining out, which helped to establish Roze as the inventor of the modern restaurant.
Today, scholars have generated large amounts of instructive research about restaurants. Take visual hints that influence what we eat: diners served themselves about 20 percent more pasta(意大利面食) when their plates matched their food. When a dark-colored cake was served on a black plate rather than a white one, customers recognized it as sweeter and more tasty.
Lighting matters, too. When Berlin restaurant customers ate in darkness, they couldn't tell how much they'd had: those given extra-large shares ate more than everyone else, none the wiser—they didn’t feel fuller, and they were just as ready for dessert.
Time is money, but that principle means different things for different types of restaurants. Unlike fast-food places, fine dining shops prefer customers to stay longer and spend. One way to encourage customers to stay and order that extra round: put on some Mozart(莫扎特).When classical, rather than pop, music was playing, diners spent more. Fast music hurried diners out.
Particular scents also have an effect: diners who got the scent of lavender(薰衣草) stayed longer and spent more than those who smelled lemon, or no scent.
Meanwhile, things that you might expect to discourage spending—"bad" tables, crowding. high prices — don't necessarily. Diners at bad tables — next to the kitchen door, say — spent nearly as much as others but soon fled. It can be concluded that restaurant keepers need not "be overly concerned about ‘bad’ tables," given that they're profitable. As for crowds, a Hong Kong study found that they increased a restaurant's reputation, suggesting great food at fair prices. And doubling a buffet's price led customers to say that its pizza was 11 percent tastier.
58. The underlined phrase "none the wiser" in paragraph 3 most probably implies that the customers were         .
A. not aware of eating more than usual
B. not willing to share food with others
C. not conscious of the food quality
D. not fond of the food provided
59. How could a fine dining shop make more profit?
A. Playing classical music.
B. Introducing lemon scent.
C. Making the light brighter,
D. Using plates of larger size.
60. What does the last paragraph talk about?
A. Tips to attract more customers.
B. Problems restaurants are faced with.
C. Ways to improve restaurants' reputation.
D. Common misunderstandings about restaurants.
【文章大意】本文为说明文，介绍了现代餐馆面临的经营困境和解决方案，介绍了刺激消费和食欲的几种方法，以及人们对餐厅就餐的一些错误认识。
58.A
【解析】词义猜测题。根据文章第三段划线部分的前句they couldn't tell how much they'd had: those given extra-large shares ate more than everyone else,可知在黑暗中，他们说不清自己吃了多少，再根据划线后 的句子they didn’t feel fuller, and they were just as ready for dessert.可知他们虽然吃得很多，但并没有感觉更饱，仍然在等着吃甜点，所以他们没有意识到自己吃多了，所以A正确。
59.A
【解析】细节理解题。根据第四段中的One way to encourage customers to stay and order that extra round: put on some Mozart(莫扎特）可知，要想让客人呆的时间更长应该播放莫扎特等古典音乐而不是流行音乐。Particular scents also have an effect: diners who got the scent of lavender(薰衣草）stayed longer and spent more than those who smelled lemon, or no scent.引入薰衣草香而不是柠檬香，而D项文章没有提及，所以用排除方法可以选A。
60.D
【解析】主旨大意题。根据文章最后一段第一句Meanwhile, things that you might expect to discourage spending—"bad" tables, crowding，high prices — don't necessarily.可知你认为可能会影响人们消费的因素如不好的桌子，拥挤以及高价等不一定会真影响人们的消费，然后依次举例进行了证明，所以本段主要讲的是人们对于饭店的几个误解，故选D。
9.【2018·江苏卷，D】
Children as young as ten are becoming dependent on social media for their sense of self-worth, a major study warned.
It found many youngsters(少年）now measure their status by how much public approval they get online, often through “likes”. Some change their behaviour in real life to improve their image on the web.
The report into youngsters aged from 8 to 12 was carried out by Children's Commissioner (专员）Anne Longfield. She said social media firms were exposing children to major emotional risks, with some youngsters starting secondary school ill-equipped to cope with the tremendous pressure they faced online.
Some social apps were popular among the children even though they supposedly require users to be at least 13.The youngsters admitted planning trips around potential photo-opportunities and then messaging friends—and friends of friends — to demand “likes” for their online posts.
The report found that youngsters felt their friendships could be at risk if they did not respond to social media posts quickly, and around the clock.
Children aged 8 to 10 were "starting to feel happy" when others liked their posts. However, those in the 10 to 12 age group were "concerned with how many people like their posts", suggesting a “need” for social recognition that gets stronger the older they become.
Miss Longfield warned that a generation of children risked growing up "worried about their appearance and image as a result of the unrealistic lifestyles they follow on platforms, and increasingly anxious about switching off due to the constant demands of social media.
She said: "Children are using social media with family and friends and to play games when they are in primary school. But what starts as fun usage of apps turns into tremendous pressure in real social media interaction at secondary school."
As their world expanded, she said, children compared themselves to others online in a way that was "hugely damaging in terms of their self-identity, in terms of their confidence, but also in terms of their ability to develop themselves".
Miss Longfield added: "Then there is this push to connect—if you go offline, will you miss something, will you miss out, will you show that you don't care about those people you are following, all of those come together in a huge way at once." "For children it is very, very difficult to cope with emotionally." The Children's Commissioner for England's study—life in Likes—found that children as young as 8 were using social media platforms largely for play.
However, the research—involving eight groups of 32 children aged 8 to 12—suggested that as they headed toward their teens, they became increasingly anxious online.
By the time they started secondary school—at age 11—children were already far more aware of their image online and felt under huge pressure to ensure their posts were popular, the report found.
However, they still did not know how to cope with mean-spirited jokes, or the sense of incompetence they might feel if they compared themselves to celebrities(名人）or more brilliant friends online. The report said they also faced pressure to respond to messages at all hours of the day—especially at secondary school when more youngsters have mobile phones.
The Children’s Commissioner said schools and parents must now do more to prepare children for the emotional minefield(雷区）they faced online. And she said social media companies must also "take more responsibility". They should either monitor their websites better so that children do not sign up too early, or they should adjust their websites to the needs of younger users.
Javed Khan, of children's charity Bamardo's, said: "It's vital that new compulsory age- appropriate relationship and sex education lessons in England should help equip children to deal with the growing demands of social media.
“It’s also hugely important for parents to know which apps their children are using.”
65. Why did some secondary school students feel too much pressure?
A. They were not provided with adequate equipment.
B. They were not well prepared for emotional risks.
C. They were required to give quick responses.
D. They were prevented from using mobile phones.
66. Some social app companies were to blame because            .
A. they didn't adequately check their users' registration
B. they organized photo trips to attract more youngsters
C. they encouraged youngsters to post more photos
D. they didn't stop youngsters from staying up late
67. Children's comparing themselves to others online may lead to           .
A. less friendliness to each other
B. lower self-identity and confidence
C. an increase in online cheating
D. a stronger desire to stay online
68. According to Life in Likes, as children grew, they became more anxious to         .
A. circulate their posts quickly					B. know the qualities of their posts
C. use mobile phones for play					D. get more public approval
69. What should parents do to solve the problem?
A. Communicate more with secondary schools.
B. Urge media companies to create safer apps.
C. Keep track of children's use of social media.
D. Forbid their children from visiting the web.
70. What does the passage mainly talk about?
A. The influence of social media on children.
B. The importance of social media to children.
C. The problem in building a healthy relationship.
D. The measure to reduce risks from social media.
【文章大意】本文为说明文，主要介绍了社交媒体(social media ) 使得8-12 岁的孩子面临很多压力，并分析了原因，提出了建议。
65.B
【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第三段第二句话She said social media firms were exposing children to major emotional risks, with some youngsters starting secondary school ill-equipped to cope with the tremendous pressure they faced online.可知一些社会媒体公司使孩子们处于大的情感压力下，从而使孩子们感到巨大的压力，故B正确。
66.A
【解析】推理判断题。根据文章第四段第一句话Some social apps were popular among the children even though they supposedly require users to be at least 13.可知一些apps 很受孩子们欢迎，尽管它们要求使用者不低于13岁，言外之意，他们没有对孩子的年龄进行监管，故选A。
67.B
【解析】细节理解题。根据文章第九段children compared themselves to others online in a way that was "hugely damaging in terms of their self-identity, in terms of their confidence, but also in terms of their ability to develop themselves".可知孩子在网上与其他人比较损害他们的自尊心，自信心以及自我发展的能力，故B正确。
68.D
【解析】推理判断题。根据文章第12段However, the research—involving eight groups of 32 children aged 8 to 12—suggested that as they headed toward their teens, they became increasingly anxious online.可知随着孩子年龄的增长，他们开始渴望上网，再根据13段By the time they started secondary school—at age 11—children were already far more aware of their image online and felt under huge pressure to ensure their posts were popular, the report found.可以推断出他们的压力源于他们渴望自己的发帖能受欢迎、被认可，由此可见他们渴望得到公众的认可。故选D。
69.C
【解析】细节理解题。根据文章最后一段It’s also hugely important for parents to know which apps their children are using.可以推断出父母需要了解孩子在使用什么apps，所以应该时刻跟踪了解孩子对于社交app的使用。故选C。
70.A
【解析】主旨大意题。根据文章第一段Children as young as ten are becoming dependent on social media for their sense of self-worth, a major study warned.可知本文为新闻报道体，文章主要介绍teens 变得越来越依赖社交媒体。再根据全文内容可知文章主要介绍了社交媒体对孩子的影响，所以A正确。
点睛：推理判断试题属于高层次阅读理解题。这种题型包括判断题和推理题。这两类题常常相互依存，推理是为了得出正确的判断，正确的判断又依赖于合乎逻辑的推理。做好该题型要从整体上把握语篇内容，在语篇的表面意义与隐含意义、已知信息与未知信息间架起桥梁，透过字里行间，去体会作者的“弦外之音”。推理判断题常常可以分为如下几类：（1）细节推断。如时间、地点、人物关系等；（2）逻辑推断。根据已知的结果推断导致结果产生的可能原因；（3）目的、意图、态度推断。根据文章的论述，推断作者的写作目的以及作者情感态度；（4）预测想象推断。文章没有明确说明，要求根据语篇对文章可能涉及的内容进行预测判断。
本题的第二和第四小题都属于细节推理，解答此类题目首先要准确定位信息句，然后根据信息句进行合理判断，如第二小题根据原文信息Some social apps were popular among the children even though they supposedly require users to be at least 13.中关键信息为even though 后的内容，即尽管他们要求使用者要13岁以上，但在小于13的孩子中仍很受欢迎，说明他们的监管不力。
再如第四小题也属于细节推理题。根据文章第12段However, the research—involving eight groups of 32 children aged 8 to 12—suggested that as they headed toward their teens, they became increasingly anxious online.可知随着孩子年龄的增长，他们开始渴望上网，再根据13段By the time they started secondary school—at age 11—children were already far more aware of their image online and felt under huge pressure to ensure their posts were popular, the report found.可以推断出他们的压力源于他们渴望自己的发帖能受欢迎，被认可，由此可见他们渴望得到公众的认可。

三、2017年高考真题
1. 【2017·全国卷I，D】
A build-it-yourself solar still（蒸馏器） is one of the best ways to obtain drinking water in areas where the liquid is not readily available. Developed by two doctors in the U.S. Department of Agriculture, it’s an excellent water collector. Unfortunately, you must carry the necessary equipment with you, since it’s all but impossible to find natural substitutes. The only components required, though, are a 5＇5＇ sheet of clear or slightly milky plastic, six feet of plastic tube, and a container — perhaps just a drinking cup — to catch the water. These pieces can be folded into a neat little pack and fastened on your belt.
To construct a working still, use a sharp stick or rock to dig a hole four feet across and three feet deep. Try to make the hole in a damp area to increase the water catcher’s productivity. Place your cup in the deepest part of the hole. Then lay the tube in place so that one end rests all the way in the cup and the rest of the line runs up — and out — the side of the hole.
    Next, cover the hole with the plastic sheet, securing the edges of the plastic with dirt and weighting the sheet’s center down with a rock. The plastic should now form a cone(圆锥体) with 45-degree-angled sides. The low point of the sheet must be centered directly over, and no more than three inches above, the cup.
    The solar still works by creating a greenhouse under the plastic. Ground water evaporates(蒸发) and collects on the sheet until small drops of water form, run down the material and fall off into the cup. When the container is full, you can suck the refreshment out through the tube, and won’t have to break down the still every time you need a drink.
32. What do we know about the solar still equipment from the first paragraph?
A. It’s delicate.                  				B. It’s expensive.
C. It’s complex.  	               				D. It’s portable.
33. What does the underlined phrase ＂the water catcher＂ in paragraph 2 refer to?
A. The tube.                        				B. The still.
C. The hole.                         			D. The cup.
34. What is the last step of constructing a working solar still?
A. Dig a hole of a certain size.                     B. Put the cup in place.
C. Weight the sheet’s center down.                  D. Cover the hole with the plastic sheet.
35. When a solar still works, drops of water come into the cup from          .
A. the plastic tube                       			B. outside the hole
C. the open air                          			D. beneath the sheet
【文章大意】本文主要介绍了一种自己可以亲手制作的简单易行的太阳能蒸馏器的方法，并介绍了它的工作原理。这种蒸馏器所需的材料简单，适用于任何缺水的地方。
32. D
【解析】推理判断题。根据第一段最后一句话These pieces can be folded into a neat little pack and fastened on your belt.可知制作蒸馏器的东西可以叠放在一个小包里，系在腰间，这说明制作蒸馏器的设备很轻便，portable表示＂轻便的；手提的＂，故选D。
33. B
【解析】词义猜测题。根据Try to make the hole in a damp area to increase the water catcher’s productivity可知最好在潮湿的地方挖洞，以提高接水器的工作效率。＂接水器＂指的是在潮湿的地方挖洞，在洞的底部放一个杯子，杯子上方用膜覆盖，整个装置构成接水器，而不是某个部分。这一题很容易错选D，但是就算在干燥的地方挖洞，杯子也可以接水，杯子接水的事实并不会因为周围环境的变化而变化，杯子的工作效率是不变的。故选B。
34. C
【解析】细节理解题。根据第三段Next, cover the hole with the plastic sheet, securing the edges of the plastic with dirt and weighting the sheet’s center down with a rock.可知最后一步是weighting the sheet’s center down with a rock(放一块石头在覆盖膜的中间，把它压下去)，故选C。
35. D
【解析】推理判断题。结合第四段中的Ground water evaporates(蒸发) and collects on the sheet until small drops of water form, run down the material and fall off into the cup可知地下水蒸发，在覆盖膜上聚集起来，直到形成小水滴落在杯子里，覆盖膜是在杯子上面的，水滴落入杯子里，所以水滴是聚在覆盖膜的下面。故选D。
2. 【2017·全国卷II，C】
Terrafugia Inc. said Monday that its new flying car has completed its first flight, bringing the company closer to its goal of selling the flying car within the next year. The vehicle — named the Transition — has two seats, four wheels and wings that fold up so it can be driven like a car. The Transition, which flew at 1,400 feet for eight minutes last month, can reach around 70 miles per hour on the road and 115 in the air. It flies using a 23-gallon tank of gas and burns 5 gallons per hour in the air. On the ground, it gets 35 miles per gallon.
	Around 100 people have already put down a $10,000 deposit to get a Transition when they go on sale, and those numbers will likely rise after Terrafugia introduces the Transition to the public later this week at the New York Auto Show. But don’t expect it to show up in too many driveways. It’s expected to cost $279,000. And it won’t help if you’re stuck in traffic. The car needs a runway.
	Inventors have been trying to make flying cars since the 1930s, according to Robert Mann, an airline industry expert. But Mann thinks Terrafugia has come closer than anyone to making the flying car a reality. The government has already permitted the company to use special materials to make it easier for the vehicle to fly. The Transition is now going through crash tests to make sure it meets federal safety standards.
	Mann said Terrafugia was helped by the Federal Aviation Administration’s decision five years ago to create a separate set of standards for light sport aircraft, which are lower than those for pilots of larger planes. Terrafugia says an owner would need to pass a test and complete 20 hours of flying time to be able to fly the Transition, a requirement pilots would find relatively easy to meet.
28. What is the first paragraph mainly about?
	A. The basic data of the Transition.
	B. The advantages of flying cars.
	C. The potential market for flying cars.
	D. The designers of the Transition.
29. Why is the Transition unlikely to show up in too many driveways?
	A. It causes traffic jams.
	B. It is difficult to operate.
	C. It is very expensive.
	D. It burns too much fuel.
30. What is the government’s attitude to the development of the flying car?
	A. Cautious.							B. Favorable.
	C. Ambiguous.						D. Disapproving.
31. What is the best title for the text?
	A. Flying Car at Auto Show				B. The Transition’s First Flight
	C. Pilots’ Dream Coming True			D. Flying Car Closer to Reality
	【语篇解读】本文是一篇科普说明文。Terrafugia 公司研制出飞行汽车并成功进行了第一次飞行，使飞行汽车成为现实更进一步。
28. A
【解析】考查段落大意。第一段的第二句"The vehicle...like a car"介绍了飞行汽车Transition的构造，第一段的后半部分介绍它的空中飞行速度、陆地行驶速度和油耗情况，这些都是飞行汽车的基本数据。故选A项。
29. C
【解析】考查细节理解。根据第二段中的"But don’t expect it to show up in too many driveways. It’s
expected to cost $ 279,000"可知，该飞行汽车是非常贵的，所以不太可能大量出现在车道上。故选C项。
30. B
【解析】考查推理判断。根据第三段中的"The government has already permitted the company to use special materials to make it easier for the vehicle to fly"可推知，政府对该项目是支持的。故选B项。
31. D
【解析】考查主旨大意。根据第一段中的"Terrafugia Inc. said Monday that its new flying car has completed its first flight, bringing the company closer to its goal of selling the flying car within the next year"可	知，Terrafugia公司的飞行汽车成功进行了第一次飞行，从而使飞行汽车更加接近现实。所以选D项。主旨大意题的解答要注意文章的首段和尾段，同时要结合文章中大部分内容所讲述的观点。文章中只提及Transition会出现在New York Auto Show，但这不是文章主要内容,故排除A项;B项只是飞行汽车的第一次飞行，过于片面；C项中的"Pilots’ Dream"未在文中提及。
3. 【2017·全国卷II，D】
When a leafy plant is under attack, it doesn’t sit quietly. Back in 1983, two scientists, Jack Schultz and Ian Baldwin, reported that young maple trees getting bitten by insects send out a particular smell that neighboring plants can get. These chemicals come from the injured parts of the plant and seem to be an alarm. What the plants pump through the air is a mixture of chemicals known as volatile organic compounds, VOCs for short.
	Scientists have found that all kinds of plants give out VOCs when being attacked. It’s a plant’s way of crying out. But is anyone listening? Apparently. Because we can watch the neighbors react.
	Some plants pump out smelly chemicals to keep insects away. But others do double duty. They pump out perfumes designed to attract different insects who are natural enemies to the attackers. Once they arrive, the tables are turned. The attacker who was lunching now becomes lunch.
	In study after study, it appears that these chemical conversations help the neighbors. The damage is usually more serious on the first plant, but the neighbors, relatively speaking, stay safer because they heard the alarm and knew what to do.
	Does this mean that plants talk to each other? Scientists don’t know. Maybe the first plant just made a cry of pain or was sending a message to its own branches, and so, in effect, was talking to itself. Perhaps the neighbors just happened to "overhear" the cry. So information was exchanged, but it wasn’t a true, intentional back and forth.
	Charles Darwin, over 150 years ago, imagined a world far busier, noisier and more intimate(亲密的) than the world we can see and hear. Our senses are weak. There’s a whole lot going on.
32. What does a plant do when it is under attack?
	A. It makes noises.							B. It gets help from other plants.
	C. It stands quietly.							D. It sends out certain chemicals.
33. What does the author mean by "the tables are turned" in paragraph 3?
	A. The attackers get attacked.					B. The insects gather under the table.
	C. The plants get ready to fight back.			D. The perfumes attract natural enemies.
34. Scientists find from their studies that plants can        .
	A. predict natural disasters					B. protect themselves against insects
	C. talk to one another intentionally				D. help their neighbors when necessary
35. What can we infer from the last paragraph?
	A. The world is changing faster than ever.		B. People have stronger senses than before.
	C. The world is more complex than it seems.		D. People in Darwin’s time were more imaginative.
	【语篇解读】本文是一篇说明文，介绍了植物在受到昆虫的攻击时是如何进行自我保护的，同时引出世界比我们人类想象的要复杂得多这一观点。
32. D
【解析】考查细节理解。根据第一段的"young maple trees getting bitten by insects send out a particular smell that neighboring plants can get. These chemicals come from the injured parts of the plant"可知，当植物受到攻击时，它会产生一些化学物质。故选D项。
33. A
【解析】考查句意理解。根据第三段中的"The attacker who was lunching now becomes lunch"可知，正吃午餐的袭击者变成了午餐，也就是袭击者被攻击了。故选A项。
34. B
【解析】考查推理判断。根据第三段中的"Some plants pump out smelly chemicals to keep insects away. But others do double duty"可知，植物能保护自己抵抗昆虫。故选B项。
35. C
【解析】考查推理判断。根据最后一段中的"imagined a world far busier, noisier and more intimate(亲密的) than the world we can see and hear. Our senses are weak"可推知，世界比它显现出来的更加复杂。故选C项。
4. 【2017·全国卷III，C】
After years of heated debate, gray wolves were reintroduced to Yellowstone National Park. Fourteen wolves were caught in Canada and transported to the park. By last year, the Yellowstone wolf population had grown to more than 170 wolves.
Gray wolves once were seen here and there in the Yellowstone area and much of the continental United States, but they were gradually displaced by human development. By the 1920s, wolves had practically disappeared from the Yellowstone area. They went farther north into the deep forests of Canada, where there were fewer humans around.
The disappearance of the wolves had many unexpected results. Deer and elk populations — major food sources (来源) for the wolf — grew rapidly. These animals consumed large amounts of vegetation (植被), which reduced plant diversity in the park. In the absence of wolves, coyote populations also grew quickly. The coyotes killed a large percentage of the park’s red foxes, and completely drove away the park’s beavers.
As early as 1966, biologists asked the government to consider reintroducing wolves to Yellowstone Park. They hoped that wolves would be able to control the elk and coyote problems. Many farmers opposed the plan because they feared that wolves would kill their farm animals or pets.
    The government spent nearly 30 years coming up with a plan to reintroduce the wolvers. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service carefully monitors and manages the wolf packs in Yellowstone. Today, the debate continues over how well the gray wolf is fitting in at Yellowstone. Elk, deer, and coyote populations are down, while beavers and red foxes have made a comeback. The Yellowstone wolf project has been a valuable experiment to help biologists decide whether to reintroduce wolves to other parts of the country as well.
28. What is the text mainly about?
A. Wildlife research in the United States.
B. Plant diversity in the Yellowstone area.
C. The conflict between farmers and gray wolves.
D. The reintroduction of wolves to Yellowstone Park.
29. What does the underlined word ＂displaced＂ in paragraph 2 mean?
A. Tested.				B. Separated.				C. Forced out.				D. Tracked down.
30. What did the disappearance of gray wolves bring about?
A. Damage to local ecology.     					B. A decline in the park’s income.
C. Preservation of vegetation.    					D. An increase in the variety of animals.
31. What is the author’s attitude towards the Yellowstone wolf project?
A. Doubtful.       	B. Positive.      			C. Disapproving.      		D. Uncaring.
【答案】
【文章大意】本文是一篇说明文，介绍了美国黄石公园重新引进灰狼的故事。
28. D
【解析】主旨大意题。文章开门见山地提出黄石公园引进灰狼的举措，然后在下文中详细介绍其原因以及带来的良好的转机，由此判断本文的中心话题是美国黄石公园重新引进灰狼。
29. C
【解析】词义猜测题。根据本段后两句可知，因为人类的发展，侵占了灰狼的领域，灰狼逐渐向北迁徙，由此推断灰狼被人类排挤走了。
30. A
【解析】推理判断题。根据第三段的内容可知，灰狼的减少造成了鹿群的增多，从而植被遭到了破坏；土狼的数量快速增加，它们猎杀了大量的赤狐，赶走了海狸，由此可推断出灰狼的消失导致了当地生态平衡被破坏。
31. B
【解析】推理判断题。根据文章末段的最后一句可知，作者认为引进灰狼的项目是很有价值的实验，因此可推知作者对这一举措持肯定的态度。

5. 【2017·全国卷III，D】
The Intelligent Transport team at Newcastle University have turned an electric car into a mobile laboratory named ＂DriveLAB＂ in order to understand the challenges faced by older drivers and to discover where the key stress points are.
Research shows that giving up driving is one of the key reasons for a fall in health and well-being among older people, leading to them becoming more isolated(隔绝) and inactive.
Led by Professor Phil Blythe, the Newcastle team are developing in-vehicle technologies for older drivers which they hope could help them to continue driving into later life.
These include custom-made navigation(导航) tools, night vision systems and intelligent speed adaptations. Phil Blythe explains: ＂For many older people, particularly those living alone or in the country, driving is important for preserving their independence, giving them the freedom to get out and about without having to rely on others.＂
＂But we all have to accept that as we get older our reactions slow down and this often results in people avoiding any potentially challenging driving conditions and losing confidence in their driving skills. The result is that people stop driving before they really need to.＂
Dr Amy Guo, the leading researcher on the older driver study, explains: ＂The DriveLAB is helping us to understand what the key points and difficulties are for older drivers and how we might use technology to address these problems.   ＂For example, most of us would expect older drivers always go slower than everyone else but surprisingly, we found that in 30mph zones they struggled to keep at a constant speed and so were more likely to break the speed limit and be at risk of getting fined. We’re looking at the benefits of systems which control their speed as a way of preventing that.
＂We hope that our work will help with technological solutions(解决方案) to ensure that older drivers stay safer behind the wheel.＂
32. What is the purpose of the DriveLAB?
A. To explore new means of transport.
B. To design new types of cars.
C. To find out older driver’s problems.
D. To teach people traffic rules.
33. Why is driving important for older people according to Phil Blythe?
A. It keeps them independent.
B. It helps them save time.
C. It builds up their strength.
D. It cures their mental illnesses.
34. What do researchers hope to do for older drivers?
A. Improve their driving skills.
B. Develop driver-assist technologies.
C. Provide tips on repairing their cars.
D. Organize regular physical checkups.
35. What is the best title for the text?
A. A new Model Electric Car
B. A Solution to Traffic Problems
C. Driving Services for Elders
D. Keeping Older Drivers on the Road
【文章大意】为了了解老年司机所面临的问题，科研人员研制出DriveLAB，目的是能够帮助他们延长驾龄，从而保持积极、健康的生活方式。
32. C
【解析】细节理解题。根据文章首段的内容可知，研制DriveLAB的目的是为了更好地了解老年司机所面临的挑战。
33. A
【解析】推理判断题。根据第四段中 Phil Blythe所说的＂...driving is important for preserving their independence, giving them the freedom to get out and about without having to rely on others＂可知，在Phil Blythe看来，能够开车是老年人能够保持独立生活和自由外出的重要条件。
34. B
【解析】推理判断题。根据文章最后三段的内容可知，研究人员希望能够通过研制一些司机辅助技术来帮助老年司机延长驾龄、享受更多的独立生活。
35. D
【解析】主旨大意题。文章主要介绍了科研人员通过把电动车改装成一款＂DriveLAB＂来研究如何帮助解决老年司机在开车时遇到的问题，以便延长他们独立生活的时间，提高他们的生活质量。
6. 【2017·北京卷，C】
Measles(麻疹), which once killed 450 children each year and disabled even more, was nearly wiped out in the United States 14 years ago by the universal use of the MMR vaccine(疫苗). But the disease is making a comeback, caused by a growing anti-vaccine movement and misinformation that is spreading quickly. Already this year, 115 measles cases have been reported in the USA, compared with 189 for all of last year.
The numbers might sound small, but they are the leading edge of a dangerous trend. When vaccination rates are very high, as they still are in the nation as a whole, everyone is protected. This is called ＂herd immunity＂, which protects the people who get hurt easily, including those who can’t be vaccinated for medical reasons, babies too young to get vaccinated and people on whom the vaccine doesn’t work.
But herd immunity works only when nearly the whole herd joins in. When some refuse vaccination and seek a free ride, immunity breaks down and everyone is in even bigger danger.
That’s exactly what is happening in small neighborhoods around the country from Orange County, California, where 22 measles cases were reported this month, to Brooklyn, N.Y., where a 17-year-old caused an outbreak last year.
The resistance to vaccine has continued for decades, and it is driven by a real but very small risk. Those who refuse to take that risk selfishly make others suffer.
Making things worse are state laws that make it too easy to opt out(决定不参加) of what are supposed to be required vaccines for all children entering kindergarten. Seventeen states allow parents to get an exemption（豁免）, sometimes just by signing a paper saying they personally object to a vaccine.
Now, several states are moving to tighten laws by adding new regulations for opting out. But no one does enough to limit exemptions.
Parents ought to be able to opt out only for limited medical or religious reasons. But personal opinions? Not good enough. Everyone enjoys the life-saving benefits vaccines provide, but they’ll exist only as long as everyone shares in the risks.
63. The first two paragraphs suggest that ____________.
A. a small number of measles cases can start a dangerous trend
B. the outbreak of measles attracts the public attention
C. anti-vaccine movement has its medical reasons
D. information about measles spreads quickly
64. Herd immunity works well when ____________.
A. exemptions are allowed
B. several vaccines are used together
C. the whole neighborhood is involved in
D. new regulations are added to the state laws
65. What is the main reason for the comeback of measles?
A. The overuse of vaccine.
B. The lack of medical care.
C. The features of measles itself.
D. The vaccine opt-outs of some people.
66. What is the purpose of the passage?
A. To introduce the idea of exemption.
B. To discuss methods to cure measles.
C. To stress the importance of vaccination.
D. To appeal for equal rights in medical treatment.
【文章大意】本文主要是介绍了麻疹在历史上带来的危害，以及为什么会发生这样的情况。
63.A
【解析】文章第二段的首句既是对第一段的总结，又是第二段的中心句，由此可知答案为A。
64.C
【解析】根据第三段But herd immunity works only when nearly the whole herd joins in.可知只有所有人都参与了才会有用，故选C。
65.D
【解析】根据第一段But the disease is making a comeback, caused by a growing anti-vaccine movement and misinformation that is spreading quickly.可知，那些反对疫苗的人导致的麻疹的复发，故选D。
66.C
【解析】本文主要是介绍了麻疹在历史上带来的危害，以及为什么会有这样的情况，最根本原因还是那些不注射疫苗的人导致的，故本文的目的是强调疫苗的作用，故选C。

7. 【2017·北京卷，D】
Hollywood’s theory that machines with evil(邪恶) minds will drive armies of killer robots is just silly. The real problem relates to the possibility that artificial intelligence(AI) may become extremely good at achieving something other than what we really want. In 1960 a well-known mathematician Norbert Wiener, who founded the field of cybernetics（控制论）, put it this way: ＂If we use, to achieve our purposes, a mechanical agency with whose operation we cannot effectively interfere(干预), we had better be quite sure that the purpose put into the machine is the purpose which we really desire.＂
   A machine with a specific purpose has another quality, one that we usually associate with living things: a wish to preserve its own existence. For the machine, this quality is not in-born, nor is it something introduced by humans; it is a logical consequence of the simple fact that the machine cannot achieve its original purpose if it is dead. So if we send out a robot with the single instruction of fetching coffee, it will have a strong desire to secure success by disabling its own off switch or even killing anyone who might interfere with its task. If we are not careful, then, we could face a kind of global chess match against very determined, super intelligent machines whose objectives conflict with our own, with the real world as the chessboard.
   The possibility of entering into and losing such a match should concentrate the minds of computer scientists. Some researchers argue that we can seal the machines inside a kind of firewall, using them to answer difficult questions but never allowing them to affect the real world. Unfortunately, that plan seems unlikely to work: we have yet to invent a firewall that is secure against ordinary humans, let alone super intelligent machines.
   Solving the safety problem well enough to move forward in AI seems to be possible but not easy. There are probably decades in which to plan for the arrival of super intelligent machines. But the problem should not be dismissed out of hand, as it has been by some AI researchers. Some argue that humans and machines can coexist as long as they work in teams—yet that is not possible unless machines share the goals of humans. Others say we can just ＂switch them off＂ as if super intelligent machines are too stupid to think of that possibility. Still others think that super intelligent AI will never happen. On September 11, 1933, famous physicist Ernest Rutherford stated, with confidence, ＂Anyone who expects a source of power in the transformation of these atoms is talking moonshine.＂ However, on September 12, 1933, physicist Leo Szilard invented the neutron-induced(中子诱导) nuclear chain reaction.
67. Paragraph 1 mainly tells us that artificial intelligence may __________.
A. run out of human control
B. satisfy human’s real desires
C. command armies of killer robots
D. work faster than a mathematician
68. Machines with specific purposes are associated with living things partly because they might be able to __________.
A. prevent themselves from being destroyed
B. achieve their original goals independently
C. do anything successfully with given orders
D. beat humans in international chess matches
69. According to some researchers, we can use firewalls to __________.
A. help super intelligent machines work better
B. be secure against evil human beings
C. keep machines from being harmed
D. avoid robots’ affecting the world
70. What does the author think of the safety problem of super intelligent machines?
A. It will disappear with the development of AI.
B. It will get worse with human interference.
C. It will be solved but with difficulty.
D. It will stay for a decade.
【文章大意】这是一篇科技说明文。本文主要介绍了人工智能及它给我们的生活带来的影响。
67.A
【解析】推理判断题。根据第一段The real problem relates to the possibility that artificial intelligence(AI) may become extremely good at achieving something other than what we really want.可知人工智能可能会出现的真正问题是AI会非常擅长取得某个成就而不是我们真正想要的东西，也就是说AI可能会超出人的控制去做一些事情，故选A。
68.A
【解析】推理判断题。根据第二段第一句A machine with a specific purpose has another quality, one that we usually associate with living things: a wish to preserve its own existence.可知，原因是保护它自己的存在的一种愿望，也就是说，它具有有生命的物体的一种品质是因为它要保护自己不被破坏，继续存在下去，故选A。
69.D
【解析】推理判断题。根据第三段using them to answer difficult questions but never allowing them to affect the real world.可知可以用防火墙来回答那些困难的问题但是却永远不要让他们影响这个真正的现实世界，所以选D。
70.C
【解析】推理判断题。根据最后一段Solving the safety problem well enough to move forward in AI seems to be possible but not easy.可知作者认为解决人工智能机器的安全问题是可能的，但是并不容易，也就是很困难，故选C。
8.【2017·江苏卷，B】
Before birth, babies can tell the difference between loud sounds and voices. They can even distinguish their mother’s voice from that of a female stranger. But when it comes to embryonic learning(胎教),birds could rule the roost. As recently reported in The Auk: Ornithological Advances, some mother birds may teach their young to sing even before they hatch(孵化). New-born chicks can then imitate their mom’s call within a few days of entering the world.

This educational method was first observed in 2012 by Sonia Kleindorfer, a biologist at Flinders University in South Australia, and her colleagues. Female Australian superb fairy wrens were found to repeat one sound over and over again while hatching their eggs. When the eggs were hatched, the baby birds made the similar chirp to their mothers — a sound that served as their regular "feed me!" call.
To find out if the special quality was more widespread in birds, the researchers sought the red-backed fairy wren, another species of Australian songbird. First they collected sound data from 67 nests in four sites in Queensland before and after hatching. Then they identified begging calls by analyzing the order and number of notes. A computer analysis blindly compared calls produced by mothers and chicks, ranking them by similarity.
It turns out that baby red-backed fairy wrens also emerge chirping like their moms. And the more frequently mothers had called to their eggs, the more similar were the babies’ begging calls. In addition, the team set up a separate experiment that suggested that the baby birds that most closely imitated their mom’s voice were rewarded with the most food.
This observation hints that effective embryonic learning could signal neurological(神经系统的) strengths of children to parents. An evolutionary inference can then be drawn. "As a parent, do you invest in quality children, or do you invest in children that are in need?"Kleindorfer asks. "Our results suggest that they might be going for quality."
58. The underlined phrase in Paragraph 1 means "　　　".
A.be the worst						B.be the best
C.be just as bad						D.be just as good
59. What are Kleindorfer’s findings based on?
A. Similarities between the calls of moms and chicks.
B. The observation of fairy wrens across Australia.
C. The data collected from Queensland’s locals.
D. Controlled experiments on wrens and other birds.
60. Embryonic learning helps mother birds to identify the baby birds which　　　.
A. can receive quality signals				B. are in need of training
C. fit the environment better				D. make the loudest call
【文章大意】文章介绍了鸟类在胎教方面的超凡本领。实验发现鸟儿在孵化时不停地鸣叫是为了教会以后出生的雏鸟歌唱的本领，从而挑选出能够适应环境的雏鸟。
58. B
【解析】根据第二段＂when the errs were hatched, the baby birds made the similar chirp to their mothers＂可知，鸟儿在孵化小鸟的时候，鸣叫对未出生的小鸟有很大影响，它们被孵化后也能发出类似的声音，说明鸟儿很擅长胎教。
59. A
【解析】根据第三段＂the researchers sought the red-backed fairy wren, another species of Australian songbird.＂可知，研究人员并未在全澳洲范围展开调查，排除B项；未对其它鸟类进行记录研究，排除D项。根据倒数第三段中的＂A computer analysis blindly compared calls produced by mothers and chicks, ranking them by similarity.＂可知，A项正确。
60. C
【解析】根据倒数第二段中的＂the baby birds that most closely imitated their mom’s voice were rewarded with the most food＂和最后一段＂Our results suggest that they might be going for quality.＂可知，模仿母鸟模仿得最好的雏鸟得到最多的食物，研究结果表明，母亲会选择质量好的雏鸟。由此可知，胎教帮助母鸟辨别出那些适应环境较好的孩子。
9. 【2017·江苏卷，D】
Old Problem, New Approaches
While clean energy is increasingly used in our daily life, global warming will continue for some decades after CO2 emissions(排放) peak. So even if emissions were to begin to decrease today, we would still face the challenge of adapting to climate change. Here I will stress some smarter and more creative examples of climate adaptation.
When it comes to adaptation, it is important to understand that climate change is a process. We are therefore not talking about adapting to a new standard, but to a constantly shifting set of conditions. This is why, in part at least, the US National Climate Assessment says that: "There is no ‘one-size fits all’ adaptation." Nevertheless, there are some actions that offer much and carry little risk or cost.
Around the world, people are adapting in surprising ways, especially in some poor countries. Floods have become more damaging in Bangladesh in recent decades. Mohammed Rezwan saw opportunity where others saw only disaster. His not-for-profit organization runs 100 river boats that serve as floating libraries, schools, and health clinics, and are equipped with solar panels and other communicating facilities. Rezwan is creating floating connectivity(连接) to replace flooded roads and highways. But he is also working at a far more fundamental level: his staff show people how to make floating gardens and fish ponds to prevent starvation during the wet season.
Elsewhere in Asia even more astonishing actions are being taken. Chewang Norphel lives in a mountainous region in India, where he is known as the Ice Man. The loss of glaciers(冰川) there due to global warming represents an enormous threat to agriculture. Without the glaciers, water will arrive in the rivers at times when it can damage crops. Norphel’s inspiration came from seeing the waste of water over winter, when it was not needed. He directed the wasted water into shallow basins where it froze, and was stored until the spring. His fields of ice supply perfectly timed irrigation(灌溉) water. Having created nine such ice reserves, Norphel calculates that he has stored about 200,000m3of water. Climate change is a continuing process, so Norphel’s ice reserves will not last forever. Warming will overtake them. But he is providing a few years during which the farmers will, perhaps, be able to find other means of adapting.
Increasing Earth’s reflectiveness can cool the planet. In southern Spain the sudden increase of greenhouses(which reflect light back to space) has changed the warming trend locally, and actually cooled the region. While Spain as a whole is heating up quickly, temperatures near the greenhouses have decreased. This example should act as an inspiration for all cities. By painting buildings white, cities may slow down the warming process.
In Peru, local farmers around a mountain with a glacier that has already fallen victim to climate change have begun painting the entire mountain peak white in the hope that the added reflectiveness will restore the life-giving ice. The outcome is still far from clear. But the World Bank has included the project on its list of "100 ideas to save the planet".
More ordinary forms of adaptation are happening everywhere. A friend of mine owns an area of land in western Victoria. Over five generations the land has been too wet for cropping. But during the past decade declining rainfall has allowed him to plant highly profitable crops. Farmers in many countries are also adapting like this — either by growing new produce, or by growing the same things differently. This is common sense. But some suggestions for adapting are not. When the polluting industries argue that we’ve lost the battle to control carbon pollution and have no choice but to adapt, it’s a nonsense designed to make the case for business as usual.
Human beings will continue to adapt to the changing climate in both ordinary and astonishing ways. But the most sensible form of adaptation is surely to adapt our energy systems to emit less carbon pollution. After all, if we adapt in that way, we may avoid the need to change in so many others.
65. The underlined part in Paragraph 2 implies　　　.
A. adaptation is an ever-changing process
B. the cost of adaptation varies with time
C. global warming affects adaptation forms
D. adaptation to climate change is challenging
66. What is special with regard to Rezwan’s project?
A. The project receives government support.
B. Different organizations work with each other.
C. His organization makes the best of a bad situation.
D. The project connects flooded roads and highways.
67. What did the Ice Man do to reduce the effect of global warming?
A. Storing ice for future use.
B. Protecting the glaciers from melting.
C. Changing the irrigation time.
D. Postponing the melting of the glaciers.
68. What do we learn from the Peru example?
A. White paint is usually safe for buildings.
B. The global warming trend cannot be stopped.
C. This country is heating up too quickly.
D. Sunlight reflection may relieve global warming.
69. According to the author, polluting industries should 　　　.
A. adapt to carbon pollution				B. plant highly profitable crops
C. leave carbon emission alone				D. fight against carbon pollution
70. What’s the author’s preferred solution to global warming?
A. Setting up a new standard.				B. Reducing carbon emission.
C. Adapting to climate change.				D. Monitoring polluting industries.
【文章大意】文章关注的是我们熟悉的话题——气候变暖，不同的是，文章给出了一些应对气候变暖的新途径。
65.A
【解析】考查句意理解。根据上文中的"We are therefore...but to a constantly shifting set of conditions"可知，对于不断变化的环境，没有一个通用的方法来解决所有这样的问题。故画线部分暗示的是适应环境也是一个不断变化的过程。故A正确。
66.C
【解析】考查细节理解。根据第三段首句可知，世界范围内尤其是一些贫穷地区的人们使用了令人意想不到的方法去适应环境的改变，化劣势为优势，再结合下文的内容可知，Rezwan就是这么做的，故答案为C。
67.A
【解析】考查细节理解。由第四段中的"...He directed the wasted water into shallow basins where it froze， and was stored until the spring..."可知，他把水引入盆地，水在那里结冰并被存储到春天使用，故A正确。
68.D
【解析】考查细节理解。根据第六段的内容可知，在秘鲁当地的农民会把整个山峰涂成白色来增强对阳光的反射，希望借此来保护冰不被融化，再结合第五段的内容可知，反射太阳光可能会减轻全球变暖，故D项正确。
69.D
【解析】考查推理判断。根据第七段中的"When the polluting industries argue that we’ve lost the battle to control carbon pollution and have no choice but to adapt"可知，污染行业辩称因为人们没有赢得治理碳污染的战役，只能适应，再结合下文的"it’s a nonsense designed to make the case for business as usual"可知，作者认为污染行业的这种说法是荒谬的，其目的是给自己的商业行为制造借口。由此可推知，对于污染行业来说，负责任的做法是同碳污染抗争，以减少碳排放，故D正确。
70.B
【解析】考查细节理解。根据最后一段第二句"But the most sensible form of adaptation is surely to adapt our energy systems to emit less carbon pollution"可知，作者认为最明智的应对全球变暖的方法是减少碳排放，故B正确。
10. 【2017·浙江卷，B】
Getting less sleep has become a bad habit for most American kids. According to a new survey(调查)by the National Sleep Foundation, 51% of kids aged 10 to 18 go to bed at 10 pm or later on school nights, even though they have to get up early. Last year the Foundation reported that nearly 60% of 7- to 12-year-olds said they felt tired during the day, and 15% said they had fallen asleep at school.
How much sleep you need depends a lot on your age. Babies need a lot of rest; most of them sleep about 18 hours a day! Adults need about eight hours. For most school-age children, ten hours is ideal(理想的). But the new National Sleep Foundation survey found that 35% of 10- to 12-year-olds get only seven or eight hours. And guess what almost half of the surveyed kids said they do before bedtime? Watch TV.
"More children are going to bed with TVs on, and there are more opportunities(机会)to stay awake, with more homework, the Internet and the phone," says Dr. Mary Carskadon, a sleep researcher at Brown University Medical School. She says these activities at bedtime can get kids all excited and make it hard for them to calm down and sleep. Other experts say part of the problem is chemical. Changing levels of body chemicals called hormones not only make teenagers’ bodies develop adult characteristics, but also make it hard for teenagers to fall asleep before 11 pm.
Because sleepiness is such a problem for teenagers, some school districts have decided to start high school classes later than they used to. Three years ago, schools in Edina, Minnesota, changed the start time from 7:25 am to 8:30 am. Students, parents and teachers are pleased with the results.
25.What is the new National Sleep Foundation survey on?
A. American kids’ sleeping habits.				B. Teenagers’ sleep-related diseases.
C. Activities to prevent sleeplessness.				D. Learning problems and lack of sleep.
26.How many hours of sleep do 11-year-olds need every day?
A.7 hours.			B.8 hours.			C.10 hours.			D.18 hours.
27.Why do teenagers go to sleep late according to Carskadon?
A. They are affected by certain body chemicals.
B. They tend to do things that excite them.
C. They follow their parents’ examples.
D. They don’t need to go to school early.
【文章大意】本文属于说明，首先用数据告诉我们美国孩子的睡眠状况堪忧，接着告诉我们孩子在不同年龄段需要的睡眠时间不同，然后分析了孩子晚睡的原因，最后介绍了一些学校为了让孩子们有更多的睡眠时间而推迟了上课的时间。
25. A
【解析】细节理解题。文中第一段列举了一些数据，向我们说明美国有51%的10到18岁的孩子上床睡觉的时间偏晚，也调查了60%的7到12岁的孩子在白天感到疲惫，15%的孩子会在学校睡着，所以这些调查都是关于美国孩子的睡眠习惯的，故选A。
26. C
【解析】细节理解题。根据第二段＂For most school-age children, ten hours is ideal＂可知11岁正在上学的小孩子的理想睡眠时间是10个小时，故选C。
27. B
【解析】细节理解题。根据第三段＂She says these activities at bedtime can get kids all excited and make it hard for them to calm down and sleep＂可知她认为孩子们睡觉晚的原因是他们会在睡前做一些让他们兴奋的活动，故选B。

